UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

------------------------------x
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
v. 23 Cr. 118 (AT)
MILES GUO,
Defendant. Trial
------------------------------x
New York, N.Y.
May 28, 2024
9:10 a.m.
Before:
HON. ANALISA TORRES,
District Judge
-and a Jury-
APPEARANCES
DAMIAN WILLIAMS
United States Attorney for the
Southern District of New York
BY: MICAH F. FERGENSON RYAN B. FINKEL
JUSTIN HORTON
JULIANA N. MURRAY
Assistant United States Attorneys
SABRINA P. SHROFF
Attorney for Defendant
PRYOR CASHMAN LLP
Attorneys for Defendant
BY: SIDHARDHA KAMARAJU
MATTHEW BARKAN
CLARE TILTON
ALSTON & BIRD LLP
Attorneys for Defendant
BY: E. SCOTT SCHIRICK



O5S1GUO

ALSO PRESENT:

Isabel Loftus, Paralegal Specialist, USAO
Michael Gartland, Paralegal Specialist, USAO
Geoffrey Mearns, Paralegal Specialist, USAO
Robert Stout, Special Agent, FBI
Ruben Montilla, Defense Paralegal
Tuo Huang, Interpreter (Mandarin)
Shi Feng, Interpreter (Mandarin) Yu Mark Tang, Interpreter (Mandarin)



O5S1GUO

(In the robing room)
THE COURT: I called you in this morning because
during jury selection and the first day of trial, I have
observed a troubling pattern of discord between the attorneys
in this case. In your interactions with each other, there have
been a number of instances of discourteous behavior, including
snippiness, bickering, sarcasm, eye rolling, and heavy sighs.
The tenor of the proceedings has been diminished by this
negative emotionalism.
As officers of the court, I expect that you will
observe courtroom decorum and abide by standards of
professionalism. If you deal with each other in an
unprofessional manner in the presence of the jury, I will stop
the proceedings and direct that you only address the Court and
not each other, which will slow down the trial considerably.
You have an ethical obligation to advocate zealously,
but that zealousness must never cross the line into disrespect
of your adversaries. Such conduct is an affront to the court's
dignity and may potentially disrupt and frustrate the trial.
I urge you to review the Supreme Court's decision in
Pounders v. Watson , 521 U.S. 982, 988 (1997), as well as 18,
United States Code, Section 401. In other words, you need to
nip it in the bud. Don't test me.
I received a letter from the prosecution this morning.
They seek to admit certain exhibits that are preserved copies



O5S1GUO

of online posts on G News and Gettr. When do you want to use
those exhibits?
MR. FERGENSON: Your Honor, we expect those will be
offered tomorrow.
THE COURT: All righty. So I will need a response
from the defense today. When do you think you can get that to
me?
MR. SCHIRICK: By 3:00, your Honor?
THE COURT: All right then. So I will address that
after I receive your response. You're excused.
MS. SHROFF: Your Honor, may we raise a matter that I
wish to raise prior to the start of the witness testimony?
THE COURT: Go ahead.
MS. SHROFF: Thank you, your Honor.
Your Honor, in the cross-examination last week, the
Court might recall I had difficulty with the exhibit numbering;
when I tried to pull up an exhibit from the defense side for
cross-examination purposes, it did not match up to the
numbering on the government's side. I have reviewed 3500
materials in this case that is being given to the defense with
constantly changing 3500 numbers, so what used to be 3519-
three days ago is a different document than what it is today.
I raise this as a seasoned lawyer to inform the Court that I'm
having trouble keeping up with the constant——I've never had a
case where the 3500 numbers change. So that's one matter. And



O5S1GUO

I hope that we can have a set of documents——and I think
Ms. Tilton can speak to this more if need be. But we are
having trouble reconciling the 3500 material being produced
with new Bates stamp numbers——with new 3500 numbers. That's
one issue.
The second issue is, we're getting 3500 material, and
I know this is normal, but for example, I just walked in this
morning and there is a two-page, single-spaced 3500 production
of the witness that's about to take the stand. So
respectfully, I know you don't take a break before lunch, but
either I need 20 minutes now to review it or I will need 20
minutes after the witness testifies to review it. I did not
even have a second copy to go over it with Mr. Guo. I imposed
upon your court to either run to the fifth floor to make a
copy, but I see that your law clerk helped me out and made an
extra copy. But I need at least 20 minutes to just go over
that. I'm sorry to raise this now, but it's——
MR. FINKEL: Your Honor, over the weekend our
paralegal Ms. Loftus sent the defense, in response to questions
from the defense, updated exhibits and exhibit list that we
audited, which should resolve the issues that Ms. Shroff just
mentioned. The 3500 that Ms. Shroff is mentioning just now is
3500 material that was generated this morning, so we gave it to
the defense as soon as it was completed. But to help
Ms. Shroff out, we will call that witness later on and we'll



O5S1GUO

call Le Zhou first so Ms. Shroff will have plenty of time to
review that 3500 material in advance of that witness testimony.
THE COURT: So this is precisely the type of issue
that I should not be hearing about. In 24 years I've never had
lawyers come to me and tell me that they can't agree on the
numbering of exhibits. For goodness sakes, you have got to
cooperate on these purely ministerial matters.
So you'll have the break to review that document.
MS. SHROFF: Yes, your Honor, but there's nothing we
can do about the numbering system. We're happy to cooperate.
I believe Ms. Tilton is in constant contact with them. This is
really her bailiwick. She has, and I have, I think Ms. Loftus
has done the same. But I don't think that this is a lack of
cooperation problem. I don't know what the problem is.
Honestly, I've never had a case——I agree with you——where 3500
numbering is changed. I've never had that. A document that's
marked number 19 remains 19.
THE COURT: Ms. Shroff, I've heard enough. You know
how to fix this. Fix it.
You're excused.
ALL COUNSEL: Thank you, your Honor.
(Recess)
(In open court; jury not present)
THE COURT: Good morning. Would you make your
appearances, please.



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
(Appearances noted)
THE COURT: Please be seated.
Please have the jurors brought in.
(Jury present)
THE COURT: Please be seated.
Good morning, jurors.
THE JURORS: Good morning.
THE COURT: Welcome back. Thank you for arriving on
time. This way, you can walk into the courtroom at 9:30 and we
can get going and proceed in an efficient manner. Thank you.
Would the prosecution call its next witness.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor. We call Le Zhou.
THE LAW CLERK: Please raise your right hand.
(Witness sworn)
THE COURT: Please state your name and spell it.
THE WITNESS: My name is Le Zhou, L-E, Z-H-O-U.
THE COURT: You may inquire.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
LE ZHOU,
called as a witness by the Government,
having been duly sworn, testified as follows:
DIRECT EXAMINATION
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Good morning, Mr. Zhou.
A. Good morning.



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. In what state do you live?
A. Florida.
Q. What do you do for work?
A. I'm a licensed realtor.
Q. Have you ever been a follower of Miles Guo?
A. Yes.
Q. Do you see anyone in the courtroom today that you recognize
from your time following Miles Guo?
A. Yes.
Q. Who?
A. I see Miles Guo.
Q. Can you describe him by where he's seated and an item of
clothing he's wearing.
MR. KAMARAJU: We'll stipulate to identity, your
Honor.
THE COURT: He has indicated the defendant. Go ahead.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
Q. Do you see anyone else that you recognize from your time
following Miles Guo in the courtroom here today?
A. Yes. A few.
Q. Can you identify them by their names or the names you know
them by?
A. There's a few followers sitting in the court on the
audience side, left side. The name? Yes. Rachel Eva, Miles
7, Yongbing Zhang. There's a nickname, "Heaven Spare No One."



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
That's all I see.
Q. Thank you. Mr. Zhou, where were you born?
A. China.
Q. When did you come to the United States?
A. 1998.
Q. Why did you come to the United States?
A. I came here to study, in——for college.
Q. After you moved to the US, where did you go to school?
A. I went to Miami-Dade College.
Q. And what did you study there?
A. I was a major in music education, and I played piano and
the trombone.
Q. Mr. Zhou, are you a supporter of the Chinese Communist
Party, or the CCP?
A. No.
Q. What experience, if any, has your family had in the past
with the CCP?
A. Our family suffered tremendously from the Chinese
government, both family on my mother and my father's side.
My——my maternal grandparents, they went abroad to
study. My grandfather was soil engineer. He worked building
roads, and at the time he worked for the Chinese government.
After he finished building road, he become a professor at a
university. During cultural revolution and the Red Guards,
some of his students came to their houses, physically and



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
verbally abused my both parents——grandparents. So my maternal
grandmother couldn't take the shame of it, so she committed
suicide. Before she did that, and she took my great
grandmother's life, because she thought no one would take care
her. And so that, my maternal parents just——the families fall
apart. My mother was only 16 at the time.
My father's, my grandparents' side——we used to own
business as regular grocery store. We have a small plaza. The
government, during Second Sino-Japanese War, they came to ask,
they would take our assets to help the country. They said
they're going to borrow it, but it took majority of the assets,
left little bit for the family to survive. My father has nine
sisters and brothers, but that is not enough to feed all the
family. So two of the children, was forced to give away.
That's——that's my both parents, how they suffered from
this government.
And there's also one big impact, almost not to have me
to live, was one child, one——one child, one policy in China.
It was implemented in 1980. At the time, my mother was already
seven months' pregnant, and my parents wanted to have me
and——but the government wanted to do a forced abortion. So my
parents——my mom went hiding while my dad was reasoning with the
government. In the end, he made a deal that by lowering my
both father's salaries and also to give up the newborn baby's
welfare, which is food, milk, I don't get that, so they would



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
spare my life.
So——and also one experience I personally witnessed,
when I was 9 years old——that's 1989——the student protests
happened Beijing, also happening in my hometown as well. At
the time we lived in apartment, very close to our hometown, the
government square, where the student protests happened. So we
were quarantined at the house, not allowed to leave the
community, and we were——at a time we heard outside shouting,
very loud. So I used to live on the first floor. That day,
when we heard outside a lot of protests, shouting, and I went
up to the eighth floor to my parents' friends' house. Their
balconies are facing directly to the streets. When I walked,
walk up to there, at a balcony, I saw, right near a bus stop, a
female student was covered, someone——riot police used a sandbag
cover her, just yank her away, and two other just jump up and
beat her up. Then later, I move my——aside to nearby, very
close, just looked down; there's a mall, one-story mall. There
were some protestors climb up the first floor of the roof. And
they were throwing some objects into the crowd. Then we hear
loud bangs, then I saw the tip of the concrete wall, with the
rooftop, the dust just smashing, shooting the air. We heard
people shouting, "Shots fired, shots fired." We were all
scared. We just quickly got inside our house.
So that's——that's the fear we felt for——and we know
the regime is cruel.



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. And how, if at all, did those experiences affect your view
of the Chinese government?
A. The government is not——is untrustworthy. Their cruelty and
brutality, it's unimaginable.
Q. Mr. Zhou, you mentioned that you had been a follower of
Miles Guo. When did you first learn about Miles Guo?
A. Back in 2017, earlier, February.
Q. And how did you learn about him?
A. I watched YouTube, while he's broadcast.
Q. What did you see on YouTube about Miles Guo in 2017?
A. At the beginning, Miles Guo was doing a broadcast called
Safety Announcement. So I was just curious who this person
was. Then I——that's how I first watched the videos.
Q. And before watching that video had you heard of Miles Guo?
A. No.
Q. Did you continue to watch his videos after that first time
that you saw him in 2017?
A. Yes.
Q. What, if anything, caught your attention about his
broadcast?
A. Miles Guo introduced himself, then we learned he's a
self-made billionaire. But he escaped the Chinese government's
persecutions, and he escaped to the United States, looking for
protection. And he also started talking about corruption, the
Chinese high official corruptions. He has classified



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
information; he will expose their corruptions.
And I also learned that he living New York, Manhattan.
He has——he bought his luxury hotel in New York called
Sherry-Netherland Hotel. And also he introduced his family
back home. He has a big family, near a hundred people in his
family; and his wealth, the family owns $20 billion networks
and he owns private jets, luxury yachts, over hundred race
car——luxury cars. Also, at the time, he's well dressed in his
broadcast, seemed very knowledgeable, well spoken, and he talk
about a lot, his knowledge on cultural. And even sometimes a
lot of time impressed me was he mentioned he has bodyguards,
24/7, and he has a legal team. Sometimes he mentioned
he's——the information he holds, or he has, he will bear the
legal responsible for what he talk about.
Q. The information that you just provided, was the source of
that information Miles Guo himself during those broadcasts?
A. Yes.
Q. Did there come a time when Miles Guo launched a
whistleblower movement?
A. Yes.
Q. How did you learn about that movement?
A. Because I started watching his videos, and I know the
movement 'cause he called himself a whistleblower.
Q. What, if anything, was the purpose of Guo's whistleblower
movement?



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Whistleblower movement was to expose Chinese officials'
corruptions.
Q. What actions, if any, did Guo encourage whistleblower
followers to take to combat the CCP corruption?
A. At the time he used——using social media, we become
followers of his social accounts. Of course I learned some of
the corruption he mentioned in his broadcasts. He encouraged
us to spread words. Beginning, my action was just following
everyone else, retweets, or sometimes repost while he talk
about it, just spread into other——I had created a Twitter
account to help to spread the words.
Q. What, if anything, did Guo say about how people could join
the whistleblower movement and become followers?
A. Beginning, he has——had his Twitter accounts, people can
follow him, and also, at the time, there were few very activist
followers appear on the social media. There would also reveal
their identity, face, and join Miles's broadcasts. At the time
there were one follower named Sara Wei. She created a group
called Voice of Guo. Then there was a——people can also join
there, also that means join the movement. So I joined that
group.
Q. Was Voice of Guo also called VOG at times?
A. Yes.
Q. How, if at all, did the followers communicate with one
another?



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
A. At the time we have software we used for everyone to
communicate. It's called Discord.
Q. Can you describe for the jury what Discord is.
A. Discord is a free software, allow user to create channels,
which is like chat rooms. The chat room then also you can
create subchannels for any other categorized purposes. The
software, you're able to let users to join using link, and you
can send messages, share messages, pictures, videos, files.
And you can also start voice meetings in the——in the group. So
when I joined, it was categorized, and the part I remember was,
there's subchannels as a——so they create a subchannel as a
working group, as a task——task force, for certain things we
want to do.
Q. Did you and the other followers use your real names in
those Discord chats?
A. No.
Q. How, if at all, did you identify yourselves?
A. I had created my user name as Coffee Cantata, then use
Chinese two words, Wen Lu (ph). That was my hashtag.
Q. And did other followers similarly use aliases or handles
when they communicated with one another?
A. Yes, mostly at the time everyone has their own nickname.
Q. By the way, what other names, if any, do you know Miles Guo
by?
A. Seven Brothers, and also Ho Wan Guo; that's the Cantonese



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
pronunciation.
Q. Mr. Zhou, are you familiar with the Rule of Law
organizations?
A. Yes.
Q. What are those?
A. Rule of Law was created by Miles for——it was a charitable
organization.
Q. Around when were those Rule of Law organizations launched?
A. In 2018.
Q. And how did you hear about them?
A. It was publicly announced during press conference.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, at this time I would like to
offer a stipulation between the parties. This is Government
Exhibit Stip 2.
THE COURT: So I just want to remind the jurors what a
stipulation is. A stipulation is an agreement between both
sides to present evidence to the jury without calling a witness
to testify about the subject matter.
You may read the stipulation.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor. This is a
stipulation regarding web pages and videos.
The parties stipulate that in the chart that is
contained within this exhibit, which is Government Exhibit Stip
2, columns A, B, and C accurately list the following
information:



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
The government exhibits listed in column A are
authentic copies of web pages that were preserved from the
internet. If a web page contained a video that was also
preserved, the associated video is designated with a V in the
government exhibit name. For example, GX C20 is a preservation
of a web page, and GX C20-V is a preservation of the video that
was on that web page.
Column B in the stipulation lists the web address or
url of the web page that was preserved.
And column C lists the date on which the web page was
preserved.
And at this time, your Honor, there is a chart
contained within this exhibit which is now admitted. I would
like to just note two of the exhibits noted within this chart.
One is GX C26 and corresponding GX C26-V. Those are YouTube
videos that were preserved, and they are dated July 15, 2020.
And then GX C63 and GX C63-V; again, YouTube video from a web
page, and that's dated November 25, 2020.
THE COURT: And you're moving to admit that.
MS. MURRAY: Moving to admit those two exhibits from
within this chart and moving to admit the stipulation at this
time.
THE COURT: They're all admitted.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
(Government's Exhibits Stip 2, C26, C26-V, C63, C63-V



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
received in evidence)
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, directing your attention to November of 2018, did
there come a time when you watched a livestream of an
announcement relating to the Rule of Law?
A. Yes.
Q. Do you recall on what website you watched that
announcement?
A. It was on a livestream.
Q. The website is named Livestream?
A. That was a link. It's a——livestream will push out the
channel, the broadcast, but the channel was under Rule of Law
Foundation. The livestream, I believe the website associated
was Vimeo.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, we would move to admit one
more exhibit from GX Stip 2. That's GX W1005 and GX W1005-V,
and that's YouTube, and it was preserved on February 9, 2024.
THE COURT: They're admitted.
(Government's Exhibits W1005, W1005-V received in
evidence)
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
Ms. Loftus, could we now publish what's admitted in
evidence GX W1005-V.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize this video?



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Yes.
Q. Have you viewed it before?
A. I watched it earlier and live.
Q. And there's an insignia on the top left here.
MR. KAMARAJU: Your Honor, I apologize. Could we have
a brief sidebar on this.
THE COURT: All right.
(Continued on next page)



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
(At the sidebar)
MR. SCHIRICK: Your Honor, the defense just wanted to
be clear that the stipulation was just to the online
preservation. We hadn't stipped to moving it into evidence.
So we have an objection to hearsay. It's going to——they're
going to play a video of Mr. Bannon speaking at this press
conference.
THE COURT: So I don't understand what you're saying
was not admitted through the stipulation.
MR. SCHIRICK: The stipulation, your Honor, was just
to authenticity. It was to the video having been pulled down
from the source. The stip did not go to the admissibility.
THE COURT: Go ahead.
MR. FERGENSON: That's correct, your Honor. It's just
authenticity in the stip. I understand the objection is to
hearsay. We're not offering this video clip for the truth of
what Mr. Bannon is saying in it; we're offering it for the
falsity of what he's saying. And it's a clip from the joint
announcement of the Rule of Law Fund, where both Mr. Guo and
then Mr. Bannon speak, and this is a clip from Mr. Bannon's
speech.
THE COURT: So are you seeking to admit it because
it's an admission?
MR. FERGENSON: No, because it's not offered for its
truth. We're offering it for the fact that it was said.



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
MR. SCHIRICK: Your Honor——
THE COURT: For the effect on the listener?
MR. FERGENSON: Correct, your Honor. These are launch
videos that victims watched and believed.
MR. SCHIRICK: And your Honor, what Mr. Bannon is
going to say in that video that the government is going to show
the witness and the jury is a statement by Mr. Bannon that
Mr. Guo was going to start the Rule of Law Foundation with a
hundred million dollars. They contend that that was a
representation that it was his own money. So it is in fact
offered for the truth of that statement, that that's in fact
what Mr. Bannon said and that that was, in effect, a
misrepresentation. So I'm not sure that there is not——there
are nonhearsay issues here. And——
THE COURT: Are you suggesting a curative instruction?
MR. SCHIRICK: I think we do need a limiting
instruction, your Honor. But I think there is a risk of 403
with the jury here as well.
THE COURT: I would expect that numbers of these types
of statements, video or otherwise, are going to be propounded
by the prosecution; am I correct?
MR. FERGENSON: Yes, your Honor.
THE COURT: So I'm looking for an application for a
limiting instruction.
MR. SCHIRICK: We would ask, your Honor, that the jury



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
be given a limiting instruction that this is not a
statement——that Mr. Bannon's statement is not a statement
attributable to Mr. Guo.
MR. FERGENSON: We would object to that. That's not
necessary for the admission of the statement. We would be fine
with a limiting instruction that said these statements are not
being offered to prove the truth of the matter asserted.
That's the definition——
MR. KAMARAJU: Your Honor, since this is just an
authenticity stip, I think the prosecution has to lay the
foundation in order to introduce this through the witness. I
know this one has already come in, but I think as these videos
are coming in, I think the proper format is to do that first.
THE COURT: Absolutely.
MR. KAMARAJU: Thank you, your Honor.
THE COURT: Okay.
(Continued on next page)



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
(In open court)
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, there's a logo on the top left of this
screenshot. Do you see that?
A. Yes.
Q. What does that read?
A. Guo Media.
Q. What is Guo Media, or what was Guo Media at the time?
A. It was earliest symbol that was created for this movement.
There was a media channel. That's the name for it.
Q. And what type of content, if any, was posted on Guo Media
at this time?
A. At this time, this was that press conference happening in
New York.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if we could please play this
video. This is Government Exhibit W1005-V1.
THE COURT: Is it now that you're looking for me to
give the limiting instruction?
MR. KAMARAJU: Yes, your Honor.
THE COURT: Members of the jury, this video is not
being offered by the government for the truth of what is stated
in the video. Keep that in mind as you watch it.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
(Video played)
BY MS. MURRAY:



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize the individual depicted in this
video?
A. Yes, I do.
Q. Who is it?
A. Steve Bannon.
Q. What role, if any, did Steve Bannon have with the Rule of
Law?
A. He was the co-founder of the Rule of Law Foundation.
Q. What, if anything, did you learn from the Rule of Law
livestream that you saw in 2018 about whether Miles Guo was
donating money to the Rule of Law?
A. The video I learned from was the conference that talk about
this announcement and also talk about this fund will use to
help Chinese dissidents and to have them to financially help,
and also help them with legal support, and to also use the fund
to investigate mysterious business deaths.
THE COURT: I'm sorry. Investigate mysterious what?
THE WITNESS: Business——persons' deaths.
THE COURT: Deaths. All right. Go ahead.
Q. Did you have an understanding of whether the Rule of Law
Fund would be funded with a certain amount of money at its
inception?
A. Yes. There was hundred million dollars.
Q. Now you said from your viewing of Miles Guo's broadcast
that at that time you had the impression that Miles Guo was



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
wealthy; is that correct?
A. Yes.
Q. At the time that you viewed this launch video in 2018, did
you believe that Miles Guo could donate a hundred million
dollars to the Rule of Law charity?
A. Yes.
MS. MURRAY: We can take that down, Ms. Loftus. Thank
you.
Q. Did there come a time when you donated to the Rule of Law?
A. Yes, I did.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, may I approach the witness?
THE COURT: You may.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
I've handed the witness a binder that contains
exhibits that are marked for identification as GX C26,
GX C63-V1 and V4, GX CT209 and 211, GX VI150-160 and their
corresponding translations, GX VI180 through 190 and their
corresponding translations, GX V02, 13, 15-16, 18-19, 22-23,
25-29, 31, 59, 67-69, 77-78, 81-82, and 84, as well as
GX W1005, GX W56-57 and GX W59.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. And Mr. Zhou, I'd ask if you would briefly flip through
that binder and let me know if you recognize the exhibits that
are in that binder.
A. Yes.



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Are those documents——are some of those documents, documents
that you provided to the government in connection with your
time when you were a follower of Miles Guo?
A. Correct, yes.
Q. Have you reviewed all of the exhibits that are contained
within that binder?
A. Sorry. At this moment?
Q. Previously, before today.
A. Before, yes, all.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, at this time the government
would move to admit Government Exhibits GX V2, 13, 15-16,
18-19, 22-23, 25-29, 31, 59, 67-69, 77-78, 81-82, and 84.
THE COURT: They are admitted.
MR. KAMARAJU: No objection.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
(Government's Exhibits V2, 13, 15-16, 18-19, 22-23,
25-29, 31, 59, 67-69, 77-78, 81-82, and 84 received in
evidence)
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can you please publish what's
now in evidence as Government Exhibit VO27.
If we could zoom in on the top portion.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, what is this?
A. That's my receipt, donation receipt.
Q. And what date is this document?



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
A. May 18, 2019.
Q. What donation does this reflect?
A. This is donation to Rule of Law Foundations in $500, my
first donation.
Q. Why did you donate to the Rule of Law in 2019?
A. Yes, because I'm part of the follower, I want to help any
of the dissidents, as many as I can, not just follow Miles Guo
to help them, so that's the same goal I wanted to help.
Q. If Miles Guo had not donated a hundred million dollars to
the Rule of Law, if you had known that at the time, would that
have been important to you?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. Yes.
Q. Why would it have been important to you at that time if you
had known that Miles Guo had not donated a hundred million
dollars to the Rule of Law?
A. Because there's a lot of people that need help, Chinese
people, there's a lot of dissidents. Me alone, 500——I can do
as much as I can, but a hundred million dollars, that can help
a lot of people.
MS. MURRAY: We can take that down, Ms. Loftus. Thank
you.
Q. Mr. Zhou, did there come a time when you volunteered for
Miles Guo and his whistleblower movement?



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Yes, I did.
Q. Around when did you begin to volunteer?
A. In 2017, couple months I followed, I start following, just
retweeting when Miles Guo started, and later I also volunteered
to transcribe Miles Guo's videos. I also did translation and
video editing, and I also helped the streaming services for the
movement.
Q. Who, if anyone, assigned that volunteer work to you?
A. From beginning, from the VOG, there were some volunteer
groups, they give me the transcript work to do; then later, the
work assigned from farm management teams.
THE COURT: What do you mean by transcript work?
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor. Transcript means, most
of Miles Guo's video, it's in Chinese speaking. Now there's
not a subtitle. So we would have to create the subtitles.
That's transcript. I would listen the video, take down what
Miles Guo said in Chinese, then type it into a Chinese, become
a subtitle.
Q. And when you say farm, you mentioned that some of the work
was assigned to you by farm leaders. Can you explain to the
jury what you mean by farm.
A. Farm is a adjective. It's quotation for work, but the real
meaning is refer to offices, and Miles Guo mentioned, when the
whistleblower established, he wanted to have 50 farms, in
different regions in——throughout the world, become the



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
subdivisions, offices.
Q. In what way, if any, were the farms kind of organized under
one unit?
A. The farm organized——there are person we call farm leader.
Most of the people were——beginning were very active as a
follower, follow the movement, follow movement. Those people
are some——most of them are designated by Miles Guo to become
the farm leaders. So there were farm, once it's created, in
different countries, regions, then also gather people locally
or online to have their own groups, but all under one of the
headquarter, which is farm called Himalaya Global Alliance to
managing those farms.
Q. Who, if anyone, was in charge of the Himalaya Global
Alliance?
A. At the time Global Alliance was only a few people and Miles
Guo was one. There are two——few peoples. Then they call
themself Iron Blood, a group.
Q. Why, if at all, did the leaders of the Himalaya Global
Alliance, Miles Guo and the others, call themselves the Iron
Blood group?
A. There were individuals selected by Miles, to give titles,
because Himalaya Global Alliance form with a designated
chairman, secretary general, and there's a few people that
Miles Guo designated those people. Miles Guo said, those are
brothers because those brothers are willing to sacrifice for



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
him and shed the blood with him and for this movement. So that
name was formed from that.
Q. Returning to your volunteer work that you did for the
movement, were you paid for that work?
A. No.
Q. You mentioned that you were involved in, among other
things, streaming. On what website or websites did you stream
content?
A. On streaming, I did YouTube, and also on Gettr and GTV.
Q. What is Gettr?
A. Gettr is a——a social platform created by Miles Guo. It's
similar to Twitter. It's just like Twitter features. You
share your posts and people can follow, retweet.
Q. What is GTV?
A. GTV, it's a website that similar act as YouTube, allow you
to post and the livestreams, post videos.
Q. And who, if anyone, was in charge of GTV?
A. In charge of GTV, I don't know.
Q. Whose company, if anyone's, was GTV?
A. Oh, GTV was owned by Guo Media.
Q. And who owned, in turn, Guo Media?
A. That, I don't know who owned the company.
Q. Focusing on GTV for a moment, what, if anything, at that
time, in 2018, 2019, did Miles Guo say about GTV?
A. Miles——GTV here introduced, and he called out for



O5S1GUO1 Le Zhou - Direct
investment that asked people who like to invest into GTV.
Q. Around when did Miles Guo offer an investment opportunity
into GTV?
A. Earlier 2020.
Q. Directing your attention to March of 2020, did you
participate in a Guo broadcast regarding that GTV investment
opportunity?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. What, if anything, did Guo ask his followers about their
interest in investing in GTV during that broadcast?
A. I remember I watched the video live when it was broadcast.
Miles Guo was calling people who like to invest in GTV. He
mentioned if you like to invest in $10,000, raise your hand in
the chat group by posting of the emoji, icon, as your intent.
He also asked, let me see who wanted to invest hundred thousand
dollars using two of the emoji as your intent.
Q. And during that broadcast what level of interest, if any,
was there from the followers in investing in GTV?
A. I sent one emoji as for intent for $10,000.
Q. From your viewing of that live broadcast did other
followers similarly indicate their interest in investing in
GTV?
A. Yes, there were a lot of one emoji for 10,000 and also few
a hundred thousand dollars investment that people putting two
emojis.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Now, directing your attention to April 21st of 2020, did
you watch a pre-recorded broadcast that Guo streamed about the
GTV investment opportunity?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form, your Honor. She's
testifying.
THE COURT: You can restate the question.
Q. Directing your attention to April 21st of 2020, did you
watch any broadcasts on that day that were relevant to GTV?
A. Yes.
Q. Did those include a broadcast of Miles Guo?
A. Yes.
Q. What, if anything, was the subject of what Miles Guo was
discussing during that broadcast?
A. Yes. I remember I got a share link for that. Miles Guo
mentioned the GTV. First he mention any investment has risk.
Then for any investor you will make your own judgment. Then he
talk about the GTV. We know that's the mention based on his
part to talk about GTV investment. He mention about the GTV
how become today. There's a breakthrough because GTV has been
targeted, he mentioned target by CCP, hacking, a lot of hackers
trying to take down. The GTV was pulled us off, it's not easy.
But he mentioned that GTV future forecasts, this is a
platform that's intended for Chinese dissidents have a voice,
freedom of speech. We're the only one; no other platform.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
And he mentioned this, as we all see, GTV future
growths. From the current six people online at the same time,
but eventually will grow to thousands people doing the
broadcast together, the skill of it. And so I remember that
video also post contact information, his personal contact
information for the investment. If anyone want to invest, can
direct contact.
Q. When you say his personal contact information, to whom are
you referring?
A. Miles Guo.
Q. So in that video, Miles Guo provided his information for
people to contact regarding an investment?
A. Yes.
Q. What, if anything, did Miles Guo say in that video about
what you would get in exchange for investing in GTV?
A. Will get stocks, GTV stocks.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, at this time I would like to
offer a stipulation between the parties. This is Government
Exhibit STIP-9.
The stipulation reads that the parties stipulate and
agree that in the below chart which is contained in this
exhibit, the exhibits listed under column A contain audio or
text in a foreign language; and in the chart that's contained
within this stipulation, the exhibits listed under column B are
true and accurate translations of the audio or text contained



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
in the exhibits listed under column A. The stipulation further
stipulates and agrees that the stipulation, as well as the
government exhibits listed under column B — those are the
translation and transcript stipulations — may be received into
evidence as government exhibits at trial.
THE COURT: The stipulation is admitted.
(Government's Exhibit STIP-9 received in evidence)
MS. MURRAY: And with respect to the particular items
contained within the chart, at this time the government would
move to admit GX C-26-V and its corresponding GX C-26-T, which
is the translation and transcription; as well as GX C-63-V, and
its corresponding GX C-63-T, which is the transcription and
translation.
THE COURT: No objection?
MR. KAMARAJU: No. I would just ask the government to
go ahead and just admit all the exhibits that are in the stip
for efficiency.
MS. MURRAY: Sure. We would then move to admit all of
the exhibits contained within the chart that's in Government
Exhibit STIP-9.
THE COURT: They are admitted.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
Ms. Loftus, can you please pull up Government Exhibit
GX C-26.
Just a moment, your Honor.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
(Counsel conferred)
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, I would like to withdraw the
request to admit all of the items contained within this
stipulation. The parties' agreement was to admit certain of
the translations, but not the full videos listed in column A.
So I would like to withdraw the request to admit
everything that's noted within the chart. At this time I would
just move to admit the two particular exhibits that I had
mentioned.
THE COURT: All right, then. So those items that were
admitted are not admitted, and what you're requesting to admit
now is admitted.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
So just for clarity for the record, what I'm seeking
to admit is Government Exhibit STIP-9, which is the
stipulation; Government Exhibit C-26-V and C-26-T, and
Government Exhibit C-63-V and C-63-T.
THE COURT: They are admitted.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
(Government's Exhibits C-26-V, C-26-T, C-63-V, C-63-T
received in evidence)
MS. MURRAY: All right. Ms. Loftus, if we could
please put up Government Exhibit C-26.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, looking at this, do you recognize this video?



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Yes.
Q. And up in the top left there is a logo and insignia. Do
you recognize that?
A. Yes, I do.
Q. What is it?
A. GTV logos.
Q. Did you watch this video when it was posted online in April
2020?
A. No, it wasn't posted online when I watch it, so I share a
link.
Q. And who, if anyone, shared the link with you to the video?
A. One of the farm members.
Q. When you say the link was shared, how was it shared with
you?
A. I shared it on the telegram, our working -- the farm
working channels.
Q. So that's over phone application; is that correct?
A. Yes.
THE COURT: What do you mean by "telegram"?
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor.
Telegram is another social media software. It's more
like you can allow you instant message, you can do it as
individual one-on-one or you can also have a group chat. And
there you able -- also you can share your files, pictures,
links, videos, etc.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can you please play this
video from the beginning up until 41 seconds.
(Video played)
MS. MURRAY: Thank you. We can take that down.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, what, if anything, did Guo say during that video
that was broadcast about the amount of stock that one would
receive in exchange for their GTV investment?
A. I remember was the GTV stock in total was about to issue 20
million to 200 million stocks.
Q. And what, if anything, did he say about how much stock
somebody would get for the money that they invested personally?
A. One dollar per share.
Q. Did there come a time when you invested in GTV?
A. I'm sorry, would you -- could you please repeat the
question.
Q. Sure. Did there come a time when you invested in GTV?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. When was that?
A. I invested end of the May 2020.
Q. And how much did you invest?
A. I send two payments total for $31,300.
Q. Where did you send your money for that GTV investment?
A. I send it through VOG, Voice of Guo, the channel which
control by Sara Wei.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Why did you send your GTV investment to VOG or Voice of
Guo?
A. Because my investment is less than $100,000, and also Sara
was designated person also can take the GTV placement, private
placement.
Q. Can you explain for the jury how, if at all, it was
relevant that your investment was below $100,000?
A. Could you please be more specific.
Q. Sure. So I believe that you said because your investment
was below $100,000, you sent it to VOG; is that correct?
A. Yes.
Q. Who, if anyone, directed you to send your investment which
was below $100,000 to VOG?
A. Because the first GTV Miles Guo mentioned about the GTV
placement, they were giving out only 2,000 seats. There is a
head count, it's limitation on there. The limitation then the
people can -- minimum you can invest $100,000 up to all the way
to millions, million dollar. But it's limited seats. And if a
lot of people, especially not qualified for the seats or less
$100,000, but we can have this other company to invest on our
behalf to acquire the GTV stocks. So that was -- I was -- I
understand myself my investment is not qualified with the
seats. And it's not exceeds over $100,000, so I just went
through the VOG, ask for the investment.
Q. So at that time was it your understanding that VOG invested



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
on your behalf and on behalf of others in GTV?
A. No, they are --
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor, to form.
THE COURT: Sustained. Don't lead.
Q. Did you have an understanding at the time in whose name
your money was being invested?
A. GTV Media.
Q. And for purposes of the shares, whose names, if anyone's,
would be on the shares that you spent your money to invest in?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form.
THE COURT: If you'd rephrase, please.
MS. MURRAY: Sure.
Q. Mr. Zhou, you mentioned that you invested your money
through VOG; is that correct?
A. Yes.
Q. What arrangement or legal agreement, if any, did you enter
into with VOG?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form.
THE COURT: Did you enter into a legal agreement?
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
Q. Did you enter into a legal agreement with VOG?
A. Yes.
Q. Can you describe that legal agreement to the jury, please.
A. It was agent agreement. Sara Wei would act as my agent to
take my investment for the GTV investment.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can we please publish
Government Exhibit VO-81.
Q. Mr. Zhou, what is this?
A. This is wire instruction I received.
Q. And who, if anyone, sent this to you?
A. Sent by Sara Wei, the Voice of Guo channel leader.
Q. I think you mentioned previously that Sara Wei had some
role within the Himalaya Global Alliance. Can you just
describe that for the jury.
A. Yes. She was very active follower before. She reveal
herself and joined the movement as well. Then she had some
meeting with Miles Guo, even publicly, live broadcast together.
So at the time she was with another person that she
was very active and designated. And because she also gather
some followers and fall through the whistleblower movement.
She form a group; she was the whistleblower movement.
So at the time Miles Guo was also designate her as the
followers, the group leaders. And she can also have
authorization from Miles Guo to collect GTV investment for us.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can we please publish
Government Exhibit VO-82. Zoom in on the top.
Q. Mr. Zhou, what is this?
A. That's my wire confirmations.
Q. And looking at this, what was the date of this wire
transfer?



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
A. May 28, 2020.
Q. And it was a wire sent to where?
A. It was sent to Voice of Guo Media.
Q. And what was the amount of this particular wire?
A. $20,000.
MS. MURRAY: We can take that down. Thank you.
Q. Why did you want to invest in GTV at that time in May of
2020?
A. Because first I want to get a GTV stock. And the GTV, I
was also the user. And this is a platform. GTV website also
is for the freedom of voice for other Chinese people
dissidents. And I was follower myself. I really a believer
for this movement. I want to just be part of it and also to
help grow this GTV. The GTV was just like any other tech
companies started.
There's also about Miles Guo mention we also will grow
this to become the world number one social media platform,
surpass YouTube. We have all the features, we'll combine Zoom,
combine YouTube, we'll have the best top technology implemented
into this GTV. So for that I want to be part of it. So I
invested.
Q. When Miles Guo said at the time in 2020 that GTV would
surpass YouTube, did you believe him then?
A. Yes. Eventually.
Q. Did you, in fact, receive stock or any shares in exchange



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
for your GTV investment?
A. No.
Q. At that time in 2020, what, if anything, did Miles Guo say
about whether there was a risk of losing your principal
investment in GTV?
A. He made a personal guarantee that for other people invested
in GTV would not lose their money; he made personal guarantee
on that.
Q. Can you explain what you mean by "personal guarantee."
A. During his broadcast, he mentioned all the money we
invested, that principal would never lose, lost even a cent.
He will pay -- personally pay back.
Q. And at that time, in 2020, did you believe that Miles Guo
was capable of paying or guaranteeing your investment?
A. Yes.
Q. At that time, 2020, did you have an understanding from
Guo's broadcasts about the value of GTV stock?
A. Yes.
Q. What was your understanding?
A. There is another broadcast lively on Miles Guo broadcast
that I watch live on that day, where successfully closeout the
placement, GTV private placement was announcement. Miles Guo
mention have a receive -- GTV alone received $335 million; from
VOG received 117 million. And combine, that's near -- he said
near $500 million investment.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
And the valuation at the time of GTV, he gave out the
statement about the value was $2 billion. Then he added from
his legal team and from his financial experts the valuation
should be $10 billion. So just that moment he explained the
investment we did, from 7 point time -- jumped to estimate made
about 30 times.
Q. And at the time that you watched that broadcast in 2020,
did you believe Miles Guo regarding the valuation of GTV?
A. Yes, I did.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can we please pull up
Government Exhibit C-63-V, which is in evidence. If we could
just publish it to the jury, please.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize this video?
A. Yes.
Q. Is this a broadcast that you watched at the time that it
was posted on the internet in 2020?
A. Yes.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if we could go to the
12-minute-and-40-second mark, please, and start playing.
(Video played)
MS. MURRAY: We can pause for a moment please.
Your Honor, we've also admitted Government Exhibit
C-63-T, which is the translation and transcript of this video.
I'm going to play this portion and then I'm going to ask
Mr. Zhou to read portions of that transcript.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Thank you, Ms. Loftus. We can continue.
(Video played)
MS. MURRAY: You can stop there. Thank you.
Ms. Loftus, if you could please now publish for the
jury what's in evidence as Government Exhibit C-63-T. And if
we could go down to the time stamp of 12:40, please. And zoom
in on the right.
Q. Mr. Zhou, this is a translation and transcription of the
video clip that we just watched. If you could just read in the
right column there the English for the jury.
A. Sure.
We had an initial valuation of 200 million for GTV,
and the private placement required a minimum investment of 20
million. The private placement exceeded the highest
expectations and raised 350 million. This is up to now, this,
this figure, ah, is about 360 million, let's say 350 million.
350 million does not include the 117 million from VOG. If 117
million plus 350 million, it's more than 400 million -- sorry,
480 million, which is almost, almost, almost, almost 500
million, almost 500 million.
But the figure we have now is the 350 million
received, which is just for the contracts with GTV. This turn
out to be a conservative estimate and 17.5 times the valuation.
Given the tremendous demand for GTV shares and the good capital
position of GTV going forward, my lawyers and financial experts



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
mutually agree that a $2 billion valuation is probably too low,
and that the actual value of the company is probably closer to
10 billion given the tremendous demand for GTV shares.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you. We can take that down.
Q. Mr. Zhou, at the time that you watched this broadcast in
2020, did you believe Miles Guo that the value of GTV was
approximately $10 billion?
A. Yes.
Q. At the time that you invested in GTV in 2020, what, if
anything, did you understand that your investment would be used
for?
A. Yes. The money first will use to enhance the GTV's
features, purchasing top tiers companies and to expand GTV to
become -- to take over the YouTube, become world number one
social media.
Q. At that time in May of 2020, if you'd believed that Guo
would use GTV investment money for his own personal expenses,
would you have invested in GTV?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form, your Honor.
THE COURT: If you'll step up, please.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
(At sidebar)
THE COURT: I'll hear your objection.
MR. KAMARAJU: Your Honor, Ms. Murray continues to
just embed facts that are not in evidence, asking questions,
then asking the jury to infer -- asking the witness to agree
with them. That's, in essence, putting her own testimony in
front of the jury. If she wants to elicit those questions, she
can ask open-ended questions. That was our objection to the
form.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, I believe that the Court
ruled that hypotheticals could come in in questioning of
witnesses and, in particular, victim witnesses. And that is
what I'm posing to this witness.
THE COURT: I don't see how she gets at it without
asking hypothetical questions.
MR. KAMARAJU: She could still lay the foundation
prior to asking a hypothetical.
THE COURT: So I think that he's asking you to state
whether it's his understanding — the witness's understanding —
that -- or whether he knows whether Mr. Guo invested the money
that he claimed that he had invested.
MR. FERGENSON: Your Honor, you had ruled in pretrial
rulings that to prove materiality, we can ask the hypothetical
question such as, If you had known X, would you have invested?
And that's, you know, standard in fraud cases like this.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
THE COURT: Of course. Of course.
I don't think that it's improper though for her to ask
whether --
MR. FERGENSON: To establish he doesn't, in fact, know
how it was used -- I'm sorry.
THE COURT: The fact that she's assuming is that
Mr. Guo did not invest the $100 million. And so do you know
whether the witness knows whether Mr. Guo invested the $100
million?
MS. MURRAY: So this is with respect in particular to
the witness's GTV investment and other GTV investment money. I
don't believe the witness has any personal knowledge of how
that money was used, except to say that, sitting here today,
the witness has an understanding that it was not all used for
GTV's business and instead was used for personal expenses.
MR. KAMARAJU: Understanding based on the government's
allegations, your Honor, not on any evidence --
MS. MURRAY: And just to be clear, that's why I asked
the question in the manner that I did.
THE COURT: I don't know that it is detrimental for
her to ask it this way as opposed to asking whether he knows if
the money was used by Mr. Guo to invest.
MR. KAMARAJU: To me, your Honor, the problem is your
Honor definitely ruled that they can ask a hypothetical. So
the question is is what, if any, foundation they have to lay



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
prior to asking a hypothetical.
THE COURT: Exactly.
MR. KAMARAJU: So to me, maybe it's just a form point
on this particular hypothetical. I suspect they are going to
ask many more, so that's why I think it's appropriate to raise
it now. To me, she can just establish the basic foundation for
it, and then she can say -- she can ask her hypothetical if she
wants.
THE COURT: Okay.
MS. MURRAY: I will do that. I did ask if he had an
understanding of how the money was used; but I can ask that
question again if that would be sufficient foundation.
MR. KAMARAJU: That's the distinction.
MS. SHROFF: The question is whether he had knowledge,
not what his understanding is. Because his understanding could
come from your prep of him during his preparation for his
testimony here. The question is what knowledge he had at that
time, not the knowledge he has now.
MR. FINKEL: At the time his understanding would
address all these concerns and be consistent with the Court's
ruling.
MS. SHROFF: Not understanding knowledge.
THE COURT: You can ask about knowledge and then ask
your hypothetical.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
MR. KAMARAJU: Thank you, your Honor.
(In open court)
THE COURT: You may continue.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, in May of 2020, when you invested in GTV, did you
have any knowledge of how your investment was going to be used?
A. Yes.
Q. And what did you believe your investment would be used for,
again, in May of 2020.
A. Yes, at the time I believe my investment will use to
enhance the GTV, to bring this GTV platform to number one
leading social media platform.
Q. At that time, in May of 2020, if you had believed that
Miles Guo would use your GTV investment money for his personal
expenses, would you have invested in GTV?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor.
We just addressed this at side bar.
THE COURT: If you'll step up again.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
(At sidebar)
THE COURT: Are you asking for -- stating that she
needs to ask whether Mr. Guo used the money? I mean, what is
the question that you're looking for?
MR. KAMARAJU: No, I thought -- my understanding when
we left the sidebar was that she was going to ask questions do
you know how the money was used. She has not asked it.
MS. MURRAY: I believe I did ask that.
MR. KAMARAJU: No, the question that I heard — if I
got it wrong, I apologize — was how did he believe he thought
the money was going to be used. She never asked the follow-up
question of do you know how the money was used in May of 2020.
THE COURT: So you're going to ask the "do you know"
question.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, what's relevant is his
understanding and his knowledge; that goes to the reason that
he invested. That's the materiality point. I don't think that
it's necessary to establish whether he, as an investor, knew
what was happening with the money that was being invested into
this company in order for him to say what his motivation was
for investing.
MR. KAMARAJU: If you don't ask, if you don't
establish that he doesn't know, then how do you ask a
hypothetical that says: If you had known, then how would that
change your opinion?



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
THE COURT: Okay.
MR. KAMARAJU: Thank you, your Honor.
(In open court)
THE COURT: You may continue.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, in May of 2020, after you invested $31,300 in
GTV, at that time did you have personal knowledge of how your
investment was used?
A. The money invested to GTV, my understanding was intended to
enhance the GTV, purchase top-tier company or software to make
it enhancement and to overcome -- become the world number one
platform, surpass YouTube.
Q. And what is that understanding that you had in May 2020,
what is that understanding based on?
A. Miles Guo mention his broadcast.
Q. Aside from what Miles Guo mentioned, do you have personal
knowledge? Do you know how your money was used or did you know
in May 2020 how your money was used?
A. That I don't know.
Q. If you had believed that Guo would use your GTV investment
money for his own personal expenses in May of 2020, would you
have invested in GTV at that time?
A. No.
Q. Have you heard the phrase "G Series"?
A. Yes.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. What is G Series?
A. G Series is investments including GTV, G News, G Fashion, G
Mall, G Clubs, etc., which were all created by Miles Guo. And
this is one of a financial system for the whistleblower
movement as their ecosystem.
Q. Do you have an understanding of what, if anything, the "G"
in G Series stands for?
A. Yes.
Q. What's your understanding?
A. G is the English letter reference Miles Guo's last name
initial, first initial.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can we please pull up for the
witness only what's been marked for identification as
Government Exhibit VI-151.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize this?
A. Yes.
Q. At a high level, what is it?
A. Miles Guo's broadcast.
Q. Do you see the date on the top left?
A. Yes.
Q. Did you watch this particular broadcast at the time that it
was posted on the internet on or about that date?
A. Yes.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, the government would move to
admit Government Exhibit VI-151.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
MR. KAMARAJU: No objection.
THE COURT: It is admitted.
(Government's Exhibit VI-151 received in evidence)
MS. MURRAY: If we could play that, please,
Ms. Loftus. We can publish it to the jury first and then we'll
play it.
(Video played)
MS. MURRAY: We can stop there, please.
We can take it down.
Q. Mr. Zhou, there was a reference in the first video clip to
Sara's VOG. What does that refer to?
A. Sara Wei.
Q. And "VOG," what does that reference?
A. Voice of Guo.
Q. There was also a reference to a Guo Wengui. Did you see
and hear that?
A. Yes.
Q. Who is that?
A. Miles Guo.
Q. Generally speaking, what, if anything, did Miles Guo say
during those broadcasts we just viewed?
A. Personally guarantee that investors' money will not lose,
only gain. If any ten cents loss, he'll personally pay.
Q. And did you view those videos at the time that they were
posted in 2021?



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Yes.
Q. And at that time, when you viewed those videos, did you
believe Miles Guo that he would personally guarantee any
investments in the G Series?
A. Yes.
Q. I want to turn your attention now to June of 2020.
Did there come a time when Miles Guo announced the
launch of a new organization?
A. Yes.
Q. What was the name of that organization?
A. It's called New Federal State of China.
Q. Was that also referred to as the NFSC?
A. Yes.
Q. What was the New Federal State of China?
A. It's a supervisory organization for the whistleblower
movement.
Q. Can you describe how Miles Guo announced the launch of the
NFSC?
A. Yes. That was June 4th, 2020. He announced this
establishment of NFSC on his private yacht and was lively
broadcasted.
Q. Did you watch that broadcast when it was broadcast on June
4th, 2020?
A. Yes, I watched.
Q. How, if at all, is the NFSC -- or at the time was the NFSC



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
associated with the G Series?
A. G Series were already launched before; then it was for the
other whistleblower movement. And NFSC was established because
NFSC is a supervisory organization on top of all the movement,
that's the name that will be used in the future to as a
legitimate government. So that's ultimately a name that -- for
this movement.
Q. What do you mean when you say that the NFSC is going to be
a government?
A. Because the movement is -- will take down the China
Communist Party. Once Chinese CCP falls, then this
organization will try to replace the CCP; give the people one
person, one vote.
Q. And how was it your understanding that the NFSC -- let me
put it in timing. In June of 2020, how was it your
understanding that the NFSC was going to take over for the
Chinese Communist Party?
A. At that time my understanding was just to expose the
Chinese corruptions. Miles Guo has three tactics. He
mentioned that by eliminate CCP using by law; by eliminate CCP,
using America power, American powers; by eliminate CCP by using
CCP itself, that's he mention it.
Q. So at that time, in June 2020, was your understanding that
the NFSC was going to be a government, was that based on
statements by Miles Guo?



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Correct.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can we please publish what's
in evidence as Government Exhibit CT-209.
Q. Mr. Zhou, looking at the item?
MS. MURRAY: If we could zoom in, Ms. Loftus, in the
middle of this.
Q. The figure that's depicted in those two posters or
pictures, do you recognize that shape?
A. Yes, I do.
Q. What is it?
A. That's the star from the NFSC flag.
Q. How many points does that star have?
A. Total, 49 stars.
Q. Can you explain for the jury how you get 49 points from
that star?
A. It's a seven times seven equal 49.
Q. And what is the significance, if any, of seven points on
that star?
A. Seven, we all use call Miles Guo seven brothers. There's a
lot of seven he's associated with. So he was also was part of
the flag creations, participated. And so I think that's -- I
believe that's a flag that represents seven is Miles, the
sevens.
MS. MURRAY: We can take that down, Ms. Loftus.
Q. Mr. Zhou, did there come a time after the GTV private



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
placement closed in June 2020, when Miles Guo announced a
farm-related investment opportunity?
A. Yes.
Q. What was that opportunity?
A. That's called a farm loan.
Q. Can you describe for the jury what the nature of the farm
loan investment opportunity was.
A. Farm loan was to have investors lend money to the -- call
it farms, which is the NFSC offices in different divisions
throughout the world. Then there was a term lend the money to
the farm to use to operate for hirings, expand, and recruit.
Q. And based on the farm loan opportunity, what, if anything,
would a lender get in exchange for the loan?
A. There is a term for three-year term. And there is also
interest rate for annual interest rate placed on that.
Q. And at the end of that three-year term, what options, if
any, did lenders have to either get their principal and their
interest rate or something else?
A. You have choice to get your money, interest plus your
principal, plus interest back, and also you can get stocks.
Q. What type stocks?
A. GTV stocks.
Q. How was it your understanding at that time, in June 2020,
that the farm loan investment opportunity offered either return
on your money or stock?



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
A. I'm sorry, could you just repeat it one more time.
Q. Yeah. In June of 2020 or thereabouts, how was it your
understanding that by giving a loan to the farm, three years
later you could either receive your money back with interest or
you could receive stock?
A. We have agreements.
Q. What type of agreements?
A. Loan agreements signed with the farms.
Q. And who, if anyone, announced the farm loan program?
A. Miles Guo announced.
Q. At that time, in 2020, were you a member of any farm?
A. Yes, I am.
Q. Which farm were you a member of at that time?
A. The first farm on social is called UK London Club.
Q. Did you participate in the farm loan program?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. With which farm did you participate in the farm loan
program?
A. UK London Club.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can you publish Government
Exhibit VO-22, which is in evidence.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize this?
A. Yes.
Q. What is this?
A. This a farm loan agreement.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. What is the name of the borrower listed on this agreement?
A. It's U.S. Himalaya Capital Inc.
Q. What farm, if any, is U.S. Himalaya Capital, Inc.
associated with?
A. This is a farm -- UK London Club farm.
Q. And the lender listed there, whose name is that?
A. That's my name.
Q. What date did you enter into this loan agreement, the UK
farm?
A. August 24, 2020.
Q. And under the terms of this loan agreement, what was the
stated use of the loan that you provided to the UK London Club?
A. It's for the general working capital purpose for the farm.
Q. How much did you invest in the farm loan program?
A. $21,000.
MS. MURRAY: We could take this down, Ms. Loftus.
Q. Mr. Zhou, at the time that you signed the loan agreement in
August of 2020, what was your understanding of how your money
would be used?
A. For the farm to establish offices, hiring staffs, and other
corporated operation expenses.
Q. And at that time in August 2020, what was your
understanding of what you would get, if anything, in exchange
for your loan to the UK farm?
A. It was eight percent for three years' term.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. At that time, in August 2020, why did you participate in
the farm loan program?
A. Because I want to help the farm and I want to get the
stocks.
Q. And what type of stock did you expect you would get in
exchange for your loan to the UK farm?
A. The GTV common stocks.
Q. Why did you believe that you would get GTV stock in
exchange for making a loan to the farm?
A. Because that was part of what Miles Guo introduced this
project, as investment opportunities.
Q. Did there come a time when Miles Guo announced another
investment opportunity that was called G Clubs?
A. Yes.
Q. When was that?
A. It was same year, 2020 introduced.
Q. At that time, in 2020, what did you understand G Clubs to
be?
A. G Club is -- is to -- as other exclusive club for high net
worth people, individual to have, to show your status. But as
we are already investing to GTV, our wealth in the future will
be tremendous big. So this club is created to also to serve
additional as a financed project will have another features to
give to those members. So that's a club was created.
THE COURT: What do you mean by "exclusive club"?



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor.
Exclusive -- this Miles Guo mention about other
society has those club, like Royal Family. This particular
club, for example, Masons, there's other clubs. So he want
create some similar clubs for particular individuals, which is
this is among the NFSC members.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. At that time, in 2020, did you understand that G Club had
any physical locations, any actual club location?
A. No.
Q. At that time, in 2020, what, to your understanding, would
you get in exchange for investing in G Clubs?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form, your Honor.
THE COURT: Rephrase, please.
MS. MURRAY: Yes, your Honor.
Q. In 2020, what did you understand the G Club investment
opportunity to be?
MR. KAMARAJU: Your Honor, I'm going to continue to
object. I can explain at sidebar.
MS. MURRAY: If I may have a moment, your Honor.
(Counsel conferred)
MS. MURRAY: May I try again, your Honor?
THE COURT: Go ahead.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
Q. Mr. Zhou, in 2020, what did you understand that paying



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
money to G Clubs would give you?
A. Yes.
There was offer the members we'll give stocks, the G
Club stocks.
Second, we'll get passports.
Third, we'll get another investments called exchange
of coins.
Fourth, we'll get discount rated deals from travel
agencies or even shoppings, like luxury air jets, Bombardier.
And the last one was for discount shopping on G
Fashion.
Q. Taking those in turn, starting with the last, what was G
Fashion?
A. G Fashion is part of the G Series. It's clothing for
fashion where you can shop luxury clothes.
Q. Where were G Fashion items sold, if anywhere?
A. Was sold in the states, United States.
Q. You mentioned that you had an understanding at that time in
2020 that you could get other benefits in exchange for paying
money to G Clubs; is that right?
A. Yes.
Q. What was that understanding based on at that time?
A. That was introduced by Miles Guo.
Q. What was the cost of a G Clubs membership in 2020?
A. G Club membership has five tiers. The first tier is



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
$10,000, with each 10,000 increasement to top five tiers.
Q. So for the top tier, what was the cost of a top-tier
membership at that time?
A. That would be $50,000.
Q. Did there come a time when you purchased any G Clubs
memberships?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. When was that?
A. That in September 2021.
Q. And how many memberships did you purchase?
A. I purchase two, Tier 2 and Tier 5.
Q. What was the cost of the Tier 2 membership?
A. That's $20,000.
Q. And what was the cost of the Tier 5 membership?
A. $50,000.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can we please publish what's
in evidence as Government Exhibit VO-25. Zoom in on the top
portion. Actually, the body of this.
Q. Mr. Zhou, what is this?
A. That's my G Club membership notification after the
application was approved.
Q. And looking at the initial line, it's addressed to someone,
can you read what that reads?
A. I'm sorry, could you please --
Q. Sure. Starting with the word "my" at the beginning of this



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
notification, what does that line say?
A. "My dear fellow fighters."
Q. And then looking down at the bottom of this, who signed --
or who is this notification from, according to body of this
email?
A. The name signed, Guo Wengui. That's Miles Guo.
Q. And how is he described here?
A. G Clubs' official spokesperson.
Q. How did you pay for your G Clubs memberships?
A. I paid by checks.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, can we please take this down
and publish Government Exhibit VO-26, which is in evidence.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize these?
A. Yes.
Q. Are these the checks that you sent to become a G Clubs
member?
A. Yes.
Q. What is the date of each of these checks?
A. The first check, August 24, 2021.
Q. And the second?
A. August 25th, 2021.
Q. And looking at the memo line, there is some text in the
memo line of each of these checks. What, if anything, does
that text indicate?
A. That's indicate my application numbers.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
THE COURT: Sir, other than the payment of money, was
there any other requirement or criteria in order to join the
club?
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor. To join the club, you
have to be a follow members, which is the I have receive
members. And to purchase at a beginning, it wasn't required
for the only members, and it has previously investing the GTVs,
and also donated to Rule of Law Foundation.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. So in submitting an application for a G Clubs membership,
what information, if any, were you required to provide about
prior donations to Rule of Law or prior investment in GTV?
A. We have to include input our assigned the investment IDs
and which farm we were associated with into applications.
MS. MURRAY: And if we could go back, Ms. Loftus, to
Government Exhibit VO-25. If we could zoom in on the first
paragraph, please, that starts with "Congratulations."
Q. Mr. Zhou, can you just read the text here starting with
"Congratulations."
A. Yes.
"Congratulations. I am pleased to announce that your
Tier 5 membership to G Clubs has been approved. As a spokesman
for G Clubs, I extend a warm welcome to your membership to the
future."
MS. MURRAY: We can take that down.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Mr. Zhou, did you receive any stock shares in exchange for
your G Clubs membership payment?
A. No.
Q. You mentioned that there were discounts that you could use
as a G Clubs member. Where could you use those discounts?
A. Mean I use on GFashion.com.
Q. Did you purchase any items from GFashion.com?
A. Yes.
Q. Did you purchase some of those items before you became a G
Clubs member?
A. Yes.
Q. Did you purchase some items after you became a G Clubs
member?
A. Yes.
Q. Can you describe the quality of the items that you
purchased from G Fashion?
A. The quality itself is very ordinary, normal, compared to
what we -- I think the clothes we normally get.
Q. I'd like to look at a few of the items that you purchased
from G Fashion.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, may I approach?
THE COURT: Yes.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, I'm handing the witness
what's been marked for identification as Government Exhibits
32, 33, 34, and 35.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize Government Exhibits 32, 33, 34,
and 35?
A. Yes.
Q. What are they?
A. Those are my purchase item from GFashion.com.
Q. Are those just some of the items that you purchased from G
Fashion?
A. Yes.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, the government would move to
admit Government Exhibits 32, 33, 34, and 35.
MR. KAMARAJU: No objection.
THE COURT: They are admitted.
(Government's Exhibits 32, 33, 34, 35 received in
evidence)
Q. If you could start with Government Exhibit 32, please,
Mr. Zhou, and hold that up for the jury.
Q. What is Government Exhibit 32?
A. That's a baseball cap.
Q. And where did you purchase that?
A. GFashion.com.
Q. What was the approximate cost of that baseball cap?
A. This I remember cost close to $200.
Q. If you could please hold up Government Exhibit 34.
What is that item?
A. Just a regular shirt.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. And is that one of the items that you purchased from G
Fashion?
A. Yes.
Q. What was the approximate cost of that T-shirt?
A. This one was about $150.
Q. And now if you can please pull up or hold up Government
Exhibit 33.
A. Yes.
Q. What is Government Exhibit 33?
A. This is silk pants, ladies' wear.
Q. What was the approximate price of those pants on G Fashion?
A. It was listed about $800.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, if we could show the witness
what's been marked for identification as Government Exhibit
W-58.
THE COURT: All right.
MS. MURRAY: While we're waiting, your Honor, may I
publish Government Exhibits 32, 33, and 34 to the jury?
THE COURT: You may.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize Government Exhibit W-58?
A. Yes.
MS. MURRAY: If we could scroll down a bit,
Ms. Loftus.
Q. Have you visited the website that's depicted in Government



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Exhibit 58 before?
A. Yes, I did.
MS. MURRAY: We would move to admit Government Exhibit
W-58.
MR. KAMARAJU: No objection.
THE COURT: It is admitted.
(Government's Exhibit W-58 received in evidence)
MS. MURRAY: If we'd please publish that, Ms. Loftus.
We could start up at the top.
Q. Mr. Zhou, what website is shown in Government Exhibit 58?
A. This is a G Fashion website.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if we could scroll down a
bit, please.
Q. Looking at the right there, do you see "G Fashion silk
pant"?
A. Yes.
Q. What is the listed price of that item?
A. $880.
Q. And is that the same item that is in Government Exhibit 33?
A. Correct.
MS. MURRAY: We can take that down, Ms. Loftus.
Q. One more physical exhibit that you have, Mr. Zhou,
Government Exhibit 35. If you could take that out.
What is Government Exhibit 35?
A. Yes. This is a gold limited edition whistles.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. How was that item advertised on the G Fashion website?
A. Advertise as only was 77 made and it's 24K.
Q. What was the cost of that whistle?
A. I paid about $3200 for it.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if we could please publish
what's in evidence as Government Exhibit VO-67.
Q. Mr. Zhou, what is Government Exhibit VO-67?
A. That's paid receipt confirmation email.
Q. And that's for the whistle that is Government Exhibit 35?
A. Correct.
Q. What material did you say that the whistle was advertised
as?
A. 24K gold.
Q. Do you have an understanding or an impression of whether
that whistle was, in fact, gold?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Sustained.
Q. Mr. Zhou, have you weighed that whistle?
A. I did.
Q. How much did it weigh approximately?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. 0.7 ounce.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, permission to publish
Government Exhibit 35 to the jury.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
THE COURT: You may.
Q. Mr. Zhou, why, if at all, did you weigh the whistle after
you purchased it?
A. I was just curious about if -- if real or not.
Q. What do you mean if it was real or not?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. When I first received, the packaging, when I first opened,
was -- I saw little bit dust go on it. The gold itself was --
the craftsmanship was little bit rough. My knowledge, this is
a limited edition as collectible items, that made me little bit
concern.
Q. Mr. Zhou, returning to --
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, we can take that down.
Thank you.
Q. Returning to what you expected or understood that you would
receive in exchange for paying money to G Clubs, I think you
mentioned a currency; is that correct?
A. Yes.
Q. What was that? Can you explain that to the jury?
A. It is currency introduced called G dollar and the G coins.
It was digital currency and also digital cryptocurrencies that
also will be launched from exchange.
Q. And when you say "exchange," what are you referring to?
A. At the time we have a change is called Himalaya Exchange.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. At that time in 2021, when you invested in -- or, excuse
me, when you paid for a G Clubs memberships, what was your
understanding of what the Himalaya Exchange was?
A. Himalaya Exchange was another part of G Series for
financial freedom created by Miles Guo. And it gave people
much better opportunity to transfer monies instantly. Also no
boundaries. And also for the most securities you will get.
Q. And at that time, in 2021, what was your understanding
about the Himalaya Exchange based on?
A. The G dollar was equal to one U.S. dollar values, and will
have gold standards for the H coins. The full name, it's
Himalaya coins, it's backed by 20 percent gold. So that adds
all the value to it.
Q. Why, if at all, did you believe in the time, in 2021, that
the Himalaya currencies were backed 20 percent by gold?
A. Miles Guo personally announced that.
Q. To your knowledge, at that time, in 2021, who was in charge
of the Himalaya Exchange?
A. The person, I don't know.
Q. At that time, in 2021, who, if anyone, promoted the
Himalaya Exchange?
A. Miles Guo promoted Himalaya Exchange.
Q. Did there come a time when you purchased any of the digital
currencies that were available on the Himalaya Exchange?
A. No.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Why not?
A. Because there's a policy, it's not a -- it's restricted to
sell to the residents in the states.
Q. And how was it your understanding at that time, in 2021,
that it was restricted?
A. Also Miles Guo mention that.
Q. Did there come a time when you sent money to purchase
Himalaya coin or Himalaya dollars?
A. I didn't send money to get Himalaya dollars, but I was
given opportunity to purchase H coins.
Q. And what was that opportunity?
A. That opportunity is based on my previous G Series
investments and donations for the previous investment. Also,
I'm a follower of this movement; the opportunity was given to
me.
Q. Who, if anyone, gave you the opportunity to purchase H
coins?
A. Miles Guo gave us the opportunity.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if we could please pull up
for the witness what's marked for identification as Government
Exhibits VO-107 and VO-108.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize these?
A. Yes.
Q. Generally speaking, what are they?
A. On the right side --



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Sorry. Just a moment, sir. If you could, just at a
general level, what type of document or item is this?
A. That's my personal investment summary.
Q. And are these -- are these contents that were taken from
your phone?
A. From my computers.
Q. Did you provide these to the government?
A. Yes, I did.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, the government moves to admit
Government Exhibits VO-107 and VO-108.
MR. KAMARAJU: No objection to their admission, your
Honor.
THE COURT: They are admitted.
(Government's Exhibits VO-107, VO-108 received in
evidence)
THE COURT: It's now 11:30, members of the jury, so
we're going to take our half-hour break.
Remember that I need for you to be ready to walk
through that door at noon. Remember also that you're not
allowed to discuss this case amongst yourselves or with anyone
else. Don't permit anyone to discuss the case in your
presence.
Sir, you are not to discuss your testimony.
(Jury not present)
THE COURT: You may be seated.



O5SVGUO2 Le Zhou - Direct
Counsel, anything before we come back for our break?
MR. KAMARAJU: Not from the defense, your Honor.
MS. MURRAY: Not from the government, your Honor.
THE COURT: All right, then. You may step down.
THE WITNESS: Thank you, your Honor.
(Luncheon recess)
(Continued on next page)



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
AFTERNOON SESSION
12:00 p.m.
THE COURT: Please be seated.
Please have the jurors brought in. And please have
the witness resume the stand.
MS. MURRAY: Yes, your Honor.
(Jury present)
THE COURT: Please be seated.
Remember, sir, that you are still under oath.
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor.
THE COURT: You may proceed with the direct
examination.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
Mr. Gartland, if you could please publish for the
jury, alongside one another, Government Exhibits V0107 and
V0108.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, before we took a break, I believe we were talking
about the Himalaya Exchange. We're going to pull up Government
Exhibits V0107 and V0108.
MS. MURRAY: Mr. Gartland, if you could just unpublish
while you're pulling those up. Thank you.
Q. I guess, Mr. Zhou, while we're waiting, you had mentioned
that there were certain restrictions on purchasing Himalaya
Coin. Can you explain those to the jury, please, your



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
understanding in 2021 on what those restrictions were.
A. Yes. To allow to purchase H Coin, you have to have——first
you got to be a member of the farms, which you have to join the
movement. Then based on that, it's all based on your previous
investment, including donations. So once all that been
counted, then you were able to get a prelaunch of the coins and
at a discounted rate.
Q. What do you mean by prelaunch?
A. Because this coin was launched on November 1, 2021, all the
investments was previously invested was counted towards to how
much coin you could get.
Q. And who, if anyone, calculated the amount of investment
that you had prelaunch of the Himalaya Coins?
A. The rule of guidance was set by Himalaya Alliance. For
previous GTV there was deadline also, made that draw line. For
September 31st [sic] , anything donate investment, you place it
before, you will get a dollar investment for 0.5 coins. Any
investments after that deadline, it's counted as 1 dollar
investment for 0.2 coins.
Q. And who, if anyone, set those deadlines?
A. The deadline was announced by Miles Guo.
Q. Where was that announced?
A. During his broadcast.
Q. At the time of the Himalaya Coin launch in November of
2021, were you a member of any farms?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Yes.
Q. Which farms?
A. UK London Club.
Q. Did you communicate with anybody from the UK London Club
regarding the Himalaya Coin?
A. Yes.
Q. With whom did you communicate about Himalaya Coin?
A. I contacted the farm leaders.
Q. Who was the farm leader of the UK farm at that time?
A. His name is David Dai.
Q. How do you spell that last name?
A. D-A-I.
Q. Can you describe what communications or conversations you
had with David Dai at that time about Himalaya Coin?
A. There were one for the resident in the States and other
prohibited country couldn't purchase the Himalaya Coin
directly. That Global Alliance, Himalaya Alliance, established
a business as nominee shareholdings to held those people's
coins. Besides that, the farm also established business act as
a nominee shareholdings to held those people's coins, which was
I was included.
Q. What business are you referring to that the farm
established——or the Alliance? Excuse me.
A. From the Alliance, the company created called Freedom Media
Venture Ltd.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. And can you explain for the jury what you mean when you
describe Freedom Media Venture as a nominee.
A. Nominees act as——on your behalf to hold your——your coins,
for example.
Q. And at that time, in the fall of 2021, how was it your
understanding that Freedom Media Venture was a nominee?
A. It was public announced by Miles Guo.
Q. And what role, if any, did Freedom Media Venture have with
respect to money that you paid for Himalaya Coins?
A. The Freedom Media Venture, that company was a new company
created for the GTV, so was announced that for those people who
are in the restricted countries, then they will able to sign a
contract and also offer——there was also fee will be charged was
announced to us. He explained it to us.
Q. Who explained that to you?
A. Miles Guo mentioned it and also the other farm leader
mentioned it.
Q. What was the nature of the fee?
A. The fee I got was a 5 percent.
THE COURT: What do you mean by restricted country?
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor. The Himalaya Exchange
has a policy, and the policy laid out, there were countries not
on their list, a permitted list to purchase or do any business
or even become a user. The country were United States, Canada,
Japan, North Korea, and other essential countries.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
THE COURT: You may continue.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, for those restricted countries that you just
mentioned, did you have an understanding of whether people who
were located in those countries could invest in Himalaya Coin?
A. Yes.
Q. What was that understanding at that time, in 2021?
A. So that this create a nominee shareholding companies that
were able to have them as our shareholders, to——to obtain the
coins.
Q. And did you in fact send money to purchase Himalaya Coins
through that nominee shareholder?
A. I didn't send the money direct to the shareholder. I send
money to the farm.
Q. Which farm?
A. UK London Club.
Q. Did you enter into any kind——was there any understanding
between you and the UK London Farm of what the purpose of the
money that you sent was for?
A. Yes.
Q. What was that understanding?
A. There were agreement, I signed it, with the farm leader,
David Dai. He created a company act as the nominee
shareholding company.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. And generally speaking, what were the terms of that
agreement that you entered into with the UK Farm leader?
A. The term were just, they will hold my coins and also I have
to pay the fee, annual fee to it. But in the future, once the
Himalaya Exchange acquired legal license, was able to expand
the territory, which the restriction related to those
countries, especially to the United States, then I would be
able to use my own user name accounts that would transfer the
coins back to me.
Q. And how was it your understanding at that time in 2021 that
that's how the nominee shareholder kind of investment would
work?
A. I'm sorry. Just one more time repeat the question.
Q. Yeah, of course. So in 2021, how was it your understanding
that at some point in the future you would be able to register
your own account on the Himalaya Exchange?
A. Yes, mentioned by Miles Guo, yes.
Q. So at the time that you sent money to the UK Farm for the
purchase of Himalaya Coins, what assets, if any, did you have
to the Himalaya Exchange?
A. I don't.
Q. At that time in 2021, how, if at all, were you able to
check the number of Himalaya Coins that you held, that you had
paid for?
A. Because the farm has my investment summaries and the



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
summary document, all the investment I have previously
invested; and also, there were ratios for the coins was
calculated. It was——the information was provided to me.
Q. Provided to you by whom?
A. By one of the members, from UK London Club.
Q. After you purchased Himalaya Coin in 2021 through the UK
Farm, how, if at all, were you able to use that digital
currency to purchase things?
A. I——'cause I don't have access, so I don't know how you
spend that.
Q. Between your investment in 2021 and today, the present,
have you had access to the Himalaya Exchange?
A. No.
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form.
THE COURT: Overruled.
Q. Between your investment in 2021 and today, did there come a
time when you were able to spend your Himalaya Coin to purchase
anything?
A. No.
Q. I want to turn back for a moment, Mr. Zhou, to the
volunteer work that you did for the whistleblower movement.
Can you just remind the jury generally what types of services
you provided.
A. Yes. I did video transcript, also translations, videos
editing, and also streaming services, for the Himalaya



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Alliance, and the farm members.
Q. In connection with your volunteer work, did there come
times when you participated in meetings with other volunteers?
A. Yes.
Q. What types of meetings?
A. Those are private meeting with Miles Guo, with the farm
members.
Q. What was the nature of the meeting? Where did you all
meet?
A. We used the social platform called Webex.
Q. And what, if anything, was discussed during meetings among
the volunteers over Webex?
A. These meeting include briefing of the farm movements,
activities, also the followers' investments, and also some
other issues, among just farm and the Global Alliance, and
also, there were——at the time, the Global Alliance, one wanted
to create a central data center to centralize all the
investors' investment informations, and those meeting was
conducted, and also Global Alliance asked each farm, come to
the farm meetings. Give them guidelines, have them to turn
over all their bookkeepings, and also the balance to the
designated accounts by the Himalaya Global Alliance.
Q. Mr. Zhou, in the course of your volunteer work, you said
you were involved with streaming broadcasts. Did that include
broadcasts relating to activities by the NFSC?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Yes.
Q. Did that include broadcasts relating to protests?
A. Yes.
Q. What types of protests did you stream broadcasts of, in
your volunteer work?
A. In late 2022, there were protests, a name called 90 Days
Protest was protesting one of Miles Guo attorneys, and their
attorney firms.
Q. What, generally, was the subject matter of the 90 Days
Protest?
A. There was involved with Miles Guo's bankruptcy cases, and
so the protest was because Miles Guo announced he was being
extorted by one of the attorneys for the amount of
$250 million.
Q. Taking a step back for a moment, did there come a time when
you learned that Miles Guo had filed for bankruptcy?
A. Yes.
Q. Around when did you learn that?
A. Miles Guo personally did on his broadcast, on February 15,
2022.
Q. What, if anything, did Miles Guo say during his broadcast
about having filed for bankruptcy?
A. He just mentioned, I'm signing today my bankruptcy, and
because I'm being persecuted.
Q. By whom, if anyone, did Miles Guo claim that he was being



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
persecuted?
A. He mentioned the persecution from CCP and also he mentioned
some of the CCP penetrated US justice.
Q. At the time that Miles Guo said that in February of 2022,
did you believe that he was filing bankruptcy in part because
he was being persecuted by the CCP?
A. At that time I believed it.
Q. Returning to the 90 Days Protest, around when did the 90
Days Protests begin?
A. The 90 days started towards to end of October 2022, and
last——
Q. Sorry. Go ahead.
A. And last until end of January.
Q. And why, if at all, were NFSC members protesting during
that time period?
A. Because Miles Guo announced that extortion from the
bankruptcy cases, and the——so there were protests started at
multiple locations.
Q. Can you explain what you mean when you say that Miles Guo
announced extortion.
A. During his broadcast he mentioned he was being extorted by
this attorney, and also he mentioned the amount, $250 million.
Q. And which attorney?
A. The attorney name is Luc Despins.
Q. Based on Miles Guo's broadcast, what was your understanding



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
of Luc Despins' role, if any, in the bankruptcy?
A. He was court-appointed trustee for Miles Guo.
Q. And at that time in 2022 what, if anything, did Miles Guo
say about the $250 million that you mentioned?
A. He said, that's unbelievable, outrageous; he was mad about
that.
THE COURT: When you say court-appointed trustee, what
court are you referring to?
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor. I believe that's New
York Southern District bankruptcy court.
Q. Mr. Zhou, against whom were the protests directed, the 90
Days Protests in 2022?
A. There were protests at the attorney Luc, attorney's home,
his daughters' universities, his ex-wife's home, his law firm
office, and one of his associates attorneys' home, and one of
Luc second daughter's workplace.
Q. Who, if anyone, directed the protests?
A. Right after Miles mentioned about this extortion, then the
Himalaya Global Alliance initiate, launch all the protests.
Q. Can you describe how the Himalaya Global Alliance launched
the protests.
A. It was organized so the recording of sending out the form
to the farms, asking who willing to come to the protests, and
we also received information that this protest will last 90
days, so the farm leader started gathering the information,



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
putting people in place, and was also printing materials for
the protests.
Q. Which farm leader are you referring to?
A. At the time I'm associated with the new farm, it's called
the Washington, DC Farm.
Q. And what types of materials did the farm leader print in
connection with the 90 Days Protests?
A. There were posters, banners, and flyers.
Q. Can you describe for the jury some of the posters that were
created for the protests.
A. Yes. Some poster have the attorney's Luc's image, his
photos on it, but was altered, was also added with titles,
especially some offensive, some kind of meaningful——very mean
labels on that posters.
Q. What are some examples of the language that was added to
those posters that were used in connection with the protests?
A. Mostly they called him CCP running dog, evil.
Q. At the time of the 90 Days Protests in 2022, did you
believe that Luc Despins was——and I'm quoting the language——a
CCP running dog?
A. At that time I believed it.
Q. Why did you believe it?
A. Because Miles Guo mentioned the extortion and Miles Guo
mentioned Luc Despins' firms was bribed by the CCP.
Q. At the time in 2022, did you have any personal knowledge of



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
whether Luc Despins had extorted or attempted to extort Miles
Guo?
A. No.
Q. At the time in 2022 did you have any personal knowledge of
whether Luc Despins' firm had been influenced by the CCP?
A. No.
Q. Sitting here today, do you believe that Luc Despins was
operating on behalf of the CCP?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: If you'll step up, please.
(Continued on next page)



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
(At the sidebar)
THE COURT: Why would his belief today be relevant?
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, because it goes to the fact
that at the time he was operating on——his intent to behave and
participate in the protest was what he was told by Mr. Guo.
THE COURT: So you've established that.
MS. MURRAY: Yes.
THE COURT: But then you've asked what he believes
now, and I'm trying to understand why that would be relevant.
MS. MURRAY: I think it goes, your Honor, to the——what
I'm going to be getting to at the end, which is when he came to
the realization that this was all fraudulent. He was a
believer in Miles Guo up until basically after the arrest, and
then at some point he came to realize that what Miles Guo was
telling him about the CCP's influence, about, you know, the
closing bank accounts because of the CCP, about all these
activities was not in fact true, and that was the moment when
he kind of came to the realization, and I expect that
Mr. Kamaraju is going to be cross-examining him on what his
belief was at the time and what, you know——why he is now
testifying for the government. And I'm just trying to
establish that.
MR. KAMARAJU: Well, I don't think his belief sitting
here today on the stand as to whether Mr. Despins is an agent
of the CCP has any relevance to the line of inquiry that



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Ms. Murray is talking about. If she wants to ask him questions
like, you know, when did you become suspicious, that's still at
a point back in time, has nothing to do with what he's saying
now, what he's getting at now.
THE COURT: So stick to that sort of question.
MS. MURRAY: Okay.
MR. KAMARAJU: Thank you, your Honor.
(Continued on next page)



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
(In open court)
THE COURT: You may continue.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you, your Honor.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, what, if anything, was your role with respect to
the 90 Days Protest?
A. My role was streaming technician. I used software to push
out the broadcast. I connect the farm and the guests. Also, I
make schedule for the technician parts, who do that daily
streamings.
Q. And who, if anyone, gave you instructions regarding how to
stream the 90 Days Protests?
A. There were guidelines provided by the Himalaya Global
Alliance, some guidelines specific, during the protests, if we
hear any the guests, or the farm guests, that mention Miles Guo
or if they say something that was organized, we'll cut the
streaming.
Q. Can you just explain that guideline a little bit more so
that the jury understands. What was the instruction that was
given regarding streaming if someone mentioned Miles Guo?
A. Yes. Because all the streaming was conduct lively, there
were people at the protest locations linked to remote guests.
As technician on the back end, so we would receive these
instructions: If either one inside the streaming, the image,
or guests spoke that, I'm here protest today, it's because



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Miles told me, or the organization told me come, if that words
said, we'll automatic cut the streamings.
Q. And did there come a time when you were streaming the 90
Days Protests that you had to cut the transmission because of a
reference to Miles Guo?
A. I personally did once.
Q. I'd like to return for a moment to the Himalaya Coin
investment.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if you could please publish
what's in evidence as Government Exhibit V0107 and V0108.
All right. Actually, we'll move along for a moment.
Ms. Loftus, if you could please publish Government
Exhibit V0105.
A. Sorry. My——oh, got it.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize Government Exhibit V0105?
A. Yes.
Q. What is it?
A. This is a meeting attended on Webex with Miles Guo and the
UK London Club members.
Q. Starting at the top left, who is that in the screen that's
shown on the top left?
A. That's me.
Q. And just to the right of you, who is that?
A. Miles Guo.
Q. In the image next to Miles Guo, on the other side of you,



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
it appears that there's a poster. Can you read what that
poster says.
A. Yes, thank you. Speaking Himalaya London Club UK. Host.
Q. Sorry. Just to the left of that, there's a screen with
just a white wall and a poster. What does that poster say?
A. Oh, on the——I'm sorry. Okay. Got it.
New Federal State of China.
Q. And now going one further to the right, which you just
read, what is it indicating about the person who's depicted in
that screen?
A. That's UK London Club leader David Dai, and he hosts the
Webex software. The meeting was launched by his account.
Q. And do you recognize the flag behind David Dai?
A. Yes.
Q. What is it?
A. That's NFSC flag.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if we could take that down
and put up for the witness what's marked as Government Exhibit
V0106.
Your Honor, just in an abundance of caution, the
government moves to admit the prior exhibit, which is
Government Exhibit V0105.
MR. KAMARAJU: No objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: It is admitted.
(Government's Exhibit V0105 received in evidence)



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
MS. MURRAY: And this is Government Exhibit V0106.
This is shown just to the witness right now.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize Government Exhibit V0106?
A. Yes.
Q. Generally speaking, what is it?
A. It's another meeting I participated. This meeting was with
Miles Guo and——and it was Iron Blood members with other farm
members.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, the government moves to admit
Government Exhibit V0106.
MR. KAMARAJU: No objection.
THE COURT: It is admitted.
(Government's Exhibit V0106 received in evidence)
MS. MURRAY: Could we please publish.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, starting at the top left here, who is depicted
there on the top left of this screenshot?
A. It's another farm leader.
Q. The leader of which farm?
A. Japan, Tokyo Stellar IS Farm.
Q. On the top right, who is depicted in the screen that's
shown there?
A. He's NFSC chairman.
Q. And then looking at the bottom left, who is the person



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
standing in what's depicted there?
A. Miles Guo was standing.
MS. MURRAY: Ms. Loftus, if we could zoom in on that
bottom left screen, please.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize anyone else who is depicted in
that particular screenshot?
A. Yes.
Q. Who?
A. All of them.
Q. All of them?
A. Yes.
Q. Can you describe, generally speaking, who these people are
and what their roles were.
A. Right next to the Miles Guo, this lady, her name is called
Justice Sara.
Q. And then the male depicted seated kind of in the back on
the left side?
A. Yeah. His name Long Island David.
Q. What farm, if any, is Long Island David associated with?
A. He was associated with Mountain Spice New York.
Q. And then to the right, the individual who is second from
the right in the back of the table here?
A. Her name was Fay Fay.
Q. And then finally, the person who's farthest right in this
photo?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
A. Her name was Ruth Ray.
Q. Generally speaking, what was discussed during this meeting
that you participated in?
A. This meeting was gathered a lot of other farms management
team, farm leaders, and some even invited members, discuss
about some issues reported to the Himalaya Global Alliance.
MS. MURRAY: You can take that down, Ms. Loftus.
Thank you.
Q. Mr. Zhou, did there come a time when the UK Farm asked for
your assistance with certain banking activities?
A. Yes.
Q. Around when was that?
A. That's February 2022.
Q. And who was the leader of the UK Farm at the time?
A. David Dai.
Q. Can you describe for the jury what, if anything, David Dai
asked you to do.
A. Yes. He called me personally, asked me if I could help
this farm and help all the followers to receive money and to
help them to invest into the G series.
Q. And what, if anything, did David Dai say about why he
wanted your assistance?
A. Because he had few other people established business and
open banking accounts, but they were shut down, and they needed
still people to open more accounts to help the followers.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. What, if anything, did David Dai say about why those
accounts had been shut down?
A. Some accounts, they were just mentioned because of CCP
don't want those people to invest, and all CCP is doing, those
accounts were being shut down.
Q. At that time in February of 2022, did you believe that bank
accounts had been closed because of the CCP?
A. Yes, at that time I believed.
Q. What, if anything, did David Dai direct you to do with
respect to opening bank accounts?
A. Yes. We talked about how to open an account, what to tell
the bank, and also gave me instruction with open business, will
have him as hundred percent owner.
Q. And what, if anything, did David Dai tell you to tell the
bank as the purpose of those accounts?
A. Because of course David Dai also knows about my personal
life as also my occupancy [sic] as a realtor, so he instructed
that he mentioned it will be easier if I mention this account
when we establish it's for real estate development. They're
also matching my current occupancy so that will not trigger
much of the flak, that will be more susceptible to open the
account.
Q. Did you follow David Dai's instructions and in fact open
bank accounts?
A. Yes, I did.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. After you opened those bank accounts did money come into
the accounts?
A. Yes.
Q. Approximately how much money, in total?
A. Estimate about $2 million.
Q. Were you able to determine the source of the money that
came into your bank accounts that you opened?
A. I only able to see the wire, if it's from individual, or
some of the wires, it's from business accounts.
Q. Do you know how those individuals knew to send money to
your bank accounts?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Sustained.
Q. Mr. Zhou, you mentioned that you saw incoming wires into
the accounts; is that correct?
A. Yes.
Q. Did you provide the account information to any of the
individuals who wired money into your accounts?
A. No.
Q. Do you know who, if anyone, provided your bank account
information to those individuals?
A. Yes.
Q. Who?
A. One of the member from UK London Club.
Q. What, if anything, did you do with the money that came into



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
your bank accounts that you had set up?
A. When I see the money, I will bookkeep, document it with a
spreadsheet created by the UK leader. Once reached certain
amount, I would receive instruction to where to send the money
to.
Q. From whom, if anyone, did you receive instructions
regarding where to send the money?
A. The farm, the UK leader, and also other few the UK members.
Q. Were you paid for opening those accounts?
A. No.
Q. Did you keep any of the money that came through those
accounts?
A. No.
Q. I want to return for a moment to the Himalaya Exchange.
MS. MURRAY: I'm going to try to do this old school.
Your Honor, these are, again, V0107 and 108. I
believe just before the break these were admitted, but again,
in an abundance of caution, if they weren't formally admitted,
we would move to admit.
THE COURT: No objection?
MR. KAMARAJU: No, your Honor.
THE COURT: They are admitted.
(Government's Exhibits V0107 and V0108 received in
evidence)
MS. MURRAY: So this is Government Exhibit V0107. If



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
we could publish to the jury.
Can we publish that, please. Thank you.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Mr. Zhou, before we took the break, we were looking at
this. This was something that was sent, I believe you said it
was in your computer; is that correct?
A. Yes.
Q. Did you prepare this spreadsheet?
A. No.
Q. Do you know who prepared this spreadsheet?
A. I don't know.
Q. Who sent this to you?
A. One of the UK member.
Q. I want to just talk through a couple of the different
columns here and what's reflected.
First of all, there is a column——the second column
says Discord Discord. Do you see that?
A. Yes.
Q. What information is shown there?
A. Coffee Cantata, then two Chinese words.
Q. Do you know who, if anyone, uses the Discord user name
Coffee Cantata?
A. I used it.
Q. Looking across the rows here, can you explain for the jury
what information is reflected in the top portion of this



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
spreadsheet.
A. Sure. Under the Member ID Number, Member, UK2020H170, it's
unique ID assigned to me for investment.
Move to the right, after the Discord Discord, on top
account called A005, that's the investment account calls
created by the Himalaya Global Alliance.
Right next to it, Coin Rates. That's reflects to
Himalaya Coins, as 0.5.
Then right after, it's the Chinese translate to
investment a month.
Then right after, next column, it's Chinese reflect to
translate to welfare coins numbers, which reflect to H Coins
numbers.
Q. So focusing on the different rows, and is it correct that
the second-to-the-most-right column, the one with the little
emoji or the icon, that column reflects investment amounts; is
that correct?
A. Yes.
Q. So taking the first row, what investment, if any, is
reflected there at 59.93?
A. That reflected to an investment called Apple Coins.
Q. And was that an investment that you made in connection with
the G series offerings?
A. Yes.
Q. Looking at the next row, 31,300, what investment, if any,



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
does that reflect?
A. That reflect to VOG investments.
Q. And that was in connection with which company's private
placement?
A. Guo Media's, GTV placement.
Q. Looking at the next two rows, both of them have account
code 8142. 50,000 and 20,000. What investment, if any, does
that relate to?
A. The $50,000 reflect to my G club tier 5 investments;
$20,000 reflect to G club tier 2 investments.
Q. And then the next row, the 21,000, what investment, if any,
does that reflect?
A. That reflect to my UK Farm loan agreement investments.
Q. And finally, the row that's 1500, what, if anything, does
that reflect?
A. That reflected to my donations.
Q. And so looking at the rightmost column, what information is
in the rightmost column that was relevant to your Himalaya Coin
purchase?
A. So that's using the coin rates calculation, 0.5, multiplied
by my investment, how much coin I will receive.
Q. And how much coin did you receive based on your prior
investments?
A. 40,935 coins.
MS. MURRAY: We can take this down.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. Mr. Zhou, did there come a time when you requested a refund
of any of the money that you had invested in the G series?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. Approximately when was that?
A. July 15, 2023.
Q. And which money, if any, did you request to have refunded?
A. I request my G Club investment refund.
Q. How did you request a refund of your G Club investment?
A. As instructed, for all the matters, I shall contact the
farm leader first, so I contact Washington, DC farm leader to
request the refund.
Q. And what, if anything, was the response to your refund
request?
A. It wasn't a pleasant——first they just provide a request
form, asked me to fill it out.
Q. Did you complete that form?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. What happened next?
A. Then for a very long period of time I didn't get any
response, so I have to contact them back and do a follow-up,
multiple follow-ups. But they were trying to verify my
investments.
Then later, they asked me to fill out my request form.
They asked me they only will return HDO to me, not as fiat
currency to me.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Q. And just to be clear, when you say HDO, what are you
referring to?
A. Himalaya dollars.
THE COURT: And what do you mean by fiat currency?
THE WITNESS: Because all my investment originally
send it to investment——G series investment using wires, paid in
the dollar.
THE COURT: So you're saying dollars are fiat
currency?
THE WITNESS: Correct.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. And Mr. Zhou, at the time that the farm offered to refund
your G/CLUBS money in HDO, did you have access to a Himalaya
Exchange account?
A. I don't.
Q. Did you have access to any of the Himalaya Coins that you
had sent money to the farm to purchase?
A. I don't.
Q. At that time that you requested the refund and it was
offered in HDO, did you have personal knowledge whether you in
fact owned Himalaya Coins or Himalaya dollars?
A. I addressed that. I——
Q. What do you mean by that?
A. I told them that this request to return my investment in
HDO is not acceptable because I don't have HDO accounts,



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
Himalaya Exchange accounts, so I said I will only receive in
the currency which is fiat currency.
Q. And what, if anything, was the response to your saying that
you wouldn't accept HDO for your refund?
A. So there's another long period of waiting time. They just
asked me to wait.
Q. Did there come a time when you received a refund of your
G/CLUBS money?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. Around when was that?
A. December 1, 2023.
Q. And what were the circumstances of your receiving that
refund?
A. I have to sign a forfeit H Coin agreement and I also have
to return some equipments to them, so that's all the terms I
have to agree to.
Q. Taking the equipment, what type of equipment were you
required to return?
A. Just because I was——as a streaming technician, Washington,
DC Farm sent over certain equipment for the broadcast
equipments I at the time was holding. So in a month, once I
request my refund, they would ask me to also return the
equipment as well.
Q. You also mentioned you had to sign something forfeiting
your Himalaya Coin for the refund. Can you explain that to the



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
jury, please.
A. Yes. Since I made a refund request, then they also send me
agreement that I have to forfeit all the H Coin was previously
acquired from investments.
Q. And how much had you paid for that H Coin that you had to
forfeit?
A. Total, I paid 5500 for the coins.
Q. Did you in fact sign that agreement to forfeit the $5,500
worth of H Coin?
A. I have no choice. I was forced to sign that.
Q. At some point after you requested a refund of your G Club
money, how, if at all, did the whistleblower movement respond?
A. From——
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: As to form, sustained.
Q. Mr. Zhou, did anyone within the whistleblower movement, to
your knowledge, become aware that you'd requested a refund?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor. Same.
THE COURT: Sustained.
Q. Mr. Zhou, did there come a time when you were removed from
the UK Farm?
A. Yes.
Q. Can you describe what happened.
A. Right after I returned equipment, the farm leader just
remove me out of the Discord server, cut all the



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
communications, and also they removed me out of all the working
channels, either the farm, Discord, WhatsApp, I was completely
removed.
Q. Around when did that happen that you were removed from the
farm Discord channel?
A. That was in September 2023.
Q. Directing your attention to January of 2024, did there come
a time when your information was posted on Gettr?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection to form, your Honor. What
information?
THE COURT: Sustained.
MS. MURRAY: Why don't we just pull up Government
Exhibit V02, which is in evidence.
Q. Mr. Zhou, do you recognize this?
A. Yes.
Q. What is it?
A. This is a post on gettrsocialmedia.com.
Q. And can you just remind the jury what Gettr is.
A. Yes, Gettr was of the G series. It's a social platform
created by Miles Guo and it's similar as the Twitter's.
Q. Looking at the English translation that was associated with
this post, can you read the title of this announcement.
A. Global Himalayan Farm Alliance Blacklist Announcement.
Q. What, if anything, do you understand a blacklist to be with
respect to the Himalaya Farm Alliance?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
A. For anyone accused who are against this movement, or Miles
Guo personally, would be put on the blacklist.
Q. Looking at item 2 that's listed here, can you please read
that.
A. I'm sorry. One more time, please.
Q. Yes. Can you read item 2 that's listed here.
A. Yes. On January 21, 2024, Washington, DC Farm and the
collations made the following blacklist decision: Blacklisted,
Coffee Cantata, Wen Lu, in Chinese. No. 5082-Coffee Cantata.
Reason for exclusion, malicious attack on whistleblower
revolution and the G series. Blacklist persons have the right
to submit an appeal within five days of the day of
announcement, and appeal will be ignored.
Q. Mr. Zhou, Coffee Cantata, is that——that's the user name
that you used?
A. Yes.
Q. Were you given any notice in advance of this blacklist
announcement being posted on Gettr?
A. No.
Q. What was your reaction, if any, to being posted publicly on
the blacklist?
A. First, I saw this afterwards. That just not the truth. I
never attacked the whistleblower movement, or the G series.
Q. Did you appeal this blacklist decision?
A. Because what I saw was already after the appeal dates,



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
allowance dates.
MS. MURRAY: We can take this down, Ms. Loftus. Thank
you.
THE COURT: What is your answer, sir? She asked
whether you appealed.
THE WITNESS: I couldn't because I saw this post was
after this appealing allowance dates.
THE COURT: You may continue.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
BY MS. MURRAY:
Q. Did there come a time when you stopped supporting Miles
Guo?
A. Yes.
Q. Around when was that?
A. That's around June 2023.
Q. Why did you stop supporting Miles Guo around June of 2023?
A. Because there's a lot of the movement, the actions, I
personally seen is wrong, I——I don't want to be part of it, so
that's why I made the decision to stop.
Q. Can you describe some of the actions that you're referring
to.
A. Because there's also province within the farms and the
Global Alliance. Especially the UK London Club, the leader was
accused of misproper use the Rule of Law Foundation monies.
There's a lot of problems never get really solved. And we——I



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
have personally reported a lot, a lot of the problems, never
got answer or solved.
Q. Mr. Zhou, in total, how much money did you spend on the G
series offering we've been discussing?
A. Total about $120,000.
Q. And how did you pay for those investments or those costs of
the G series?
MR. KAMARAJU: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Sustained as to form.
Q. Mr. Zhou, what was the source of the money that you spent
on the G series offering?
MR. KAMARAJU: Same objection.
THE COURT: Step up, please.
(Continued on next page)



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
(At the sidebar)
THE COURT: So are you objecting on the basis that it
isn't established that there was an offering?
MR. KAMARAJU: No, I'm objecting on the basis that the
source of the money to pay for the offering is irrelevant.
THE COURT: Overruled.
(Continued on next page)



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Direct
(In open court)
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor.
A. The source of the money was from my personal earnings, and
also I sold my properties, condominium I sold, and I also took
out my wife's life insurance.
Q. Why did you sell your condos, your personal real estate
property?
A. Because I——at the time I need to cash the Himalaya Exchange
coin launch, but I invest into G Club, so at the time I don't
have enough capital, but I——only thing I had was my
condominium. I have to——and I sold it.
Q. What about your wife's life insurance? Why, if at all, did
you cash out the life insurance policy?
A. That money, she agreed to put it into the farm loan.
Q. Mr. Zhou, how much profit, if any, did you make from the
120,000 or so that you spent on the G series offerings?
A. Zero profit.
Q. How much money in total did you lose, if any, through those
offerings?
A. I lost about $30,000.
Q. $30,000?
A. Or more.
Q. At the time that you invested in the G series offerings,
did you believe that they would be profitable?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
A. Yes.
Q. At the time that you invested in the G series offerings,
did you believe that Miles Guo would personally pay for any
losses that you sustained from those investments?
A. At that time I believed it.
Q. Did Guo in fact repay you for the approximately $30,000
that you lost through the G series investments?
A. No.
MS. MURRAY: May I have a moment, your Honor.
Nothing further.
THE COURT: Cross-examination.
MR. KAMARAJU: Yes. Thank you, your Honor.
CROSS EXAMINATION
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. Good afternoon.
A. Good afternoon, sir.
Q. I just want to make sure I'm pronouncing your last name
correctly. Mr. Zhou?
A. Correct.
Q. Okay. Thank you.
Now you just testified that Mr. Guo has never repaid
you the amount that you say that you lost, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. You've never spoken with Mr. Guo, right?
A. I spoke to him.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. You spoke to him about getting the money back?
A. No.
Q. You've never asked him to get any money back, correct?
A. I mailed it to him.
Q. You mailed it to Mr. Guo?
A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Guo doesn't use email, correct?
A. I mailed it to——
MS. MURRAY: Objection.
THE COURT: Sustained.
Q. You've never emailed Mr. Guo before, have you?
A. I didn't email to him.
Q. Okay. So he's never responded to an email that you've
sent, correct?
A. Never responded.
Q. And he's never sent you personally an email, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. Okay. Now I want to start with the Rule of Law Foundation.
Do you remember testifying about that?
A. Yes.
Q. And you testified that you first heard about it at a press
conference in November 2018, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And your testimony was that you left that press conference
with the impression that Mr. Guo was going to fund the Rule of



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
Law Foundation to a hundred million dollars, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And that's what the prosecutors asked you here today,
right?
A. Yes.
MR. KAMARAJU: Could we have Government Exhibit
W1005V, please. It's in evidence, so we can publish it.
If we can just play it a little bit.
(Video played)
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay. We can pause right there.
Q. Now they asked you about this clip earlier, correct?
A. Yes.
Q. They asked you whether you had an understanding that
Mr. Guo had made a representation about funding a hundred
million dollars to the Rule of Law Foundation, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. Okay. That's not Mr. Guo, right?
A. That's not.
Q. That's Steve Bannon, right?
A. Correct.
Q. Steve Bannon looks nothing like Mr. Guo, right?
A. No.
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Overruled. Go ahead.
Q. This is Steve Bannon talking, correct?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
A. Correct.
Q. So they asked you a question about representations Mr. Guo
made, but they showed you a clip of Mr. Bannon, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. But then you answered that your expectation was Mr. Guo was
going to fund the payment, right?
A. Correct.
Q. Now this isn't the first time that you've seen this video
clip, right?
A. Correct.
Q. You've seen it when you prepared with them before, right?
A. I saw it at the live——when this press conference live.
Q. Okay. We'll come back to that. But you've also seen it
with the prosecutors, right?
A. Yes.
Q. They've showed it to you before today, right?
A. Yes.
Q. They showed it to you when you prepared your testimony with
them, right?
A. Not prepared the testimony, but they showed it to me.
Q. Okay. Well, you've met with the prosecutors multiple
times, right?
A. Yes.
Q. These prosecutors sitting at the table here, right?
A. Not all.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. Some of them, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Which ones?
A. Four of them.
Q. Okay. So the four people sitting here at the front of the
table?
A. Not the left four but——
Q. Okay. Some set of those people, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And there was an FBI agent there, right?
A. No. I don't know.
Q. There wasn't an FBI agent there the first time you met with
the prosecutors?
A. I don't know if the FBI. I don't know.
Q. Was there a translator there the first time you met with
the prosecutors?
A. No.
Q. There was no translator when you first met with them?
A. No translator.
Q. So you've never used a translator to speak with the
prosecutors; is that right?
A. I didn't use translators.
Q. Okay. Now you testified that they showed you this clip
during one of those meetings, right?
A. Correct.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. How many meetings would you say you had with the
prosecutors?
A. About seven.
Q. About seven, right?
A. Yes.
Q. So that's seven times where you've met with the prosecutors
to discuss the testimony that you gave today, right?
A. Not discuss.
Q. Okay. What did you talk about for seven meetings then?
A. So I was being just asked the answer.
Q. Okay. Well, what were they asking you about?
A. Asked related to the cases.
Q. Right. They asked you the same questions they asked today,
right?
A. Correct.
Q. And you gave the answers, right?
A. Yes, I did.
Q. Okay. And sometimes if they didn't like one of your
answers, they asked a different question, right?
A. No.
Q. So you're telling me during seven meetings there was no
point where they asked you a follow-up question; is that your
testimony?
A. They asked follow-up——
MS. MURRAY: Objection.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
THE COURT: Sustained. Sustained as to what they were
thinking.
MR. KAMARAJU: Oh. My apologies, your Honor.
THE COURT: You may ask whether they asked follow-up
questions.
MR. KAMARAJU: Oh, sorry. I thought that's what I
asked.
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. So over the course of seven meetings, it's your testimony
that the prosecutors never asked you a follow-up question?
MS. MURRAY: Objection. Mischaracterizing the
witness's testimony.
THE COURT: Sustained.
Q. Okay. Now you testified that you have seen this clip both
during a meeting with the prosecutors but you also saw it live,
correct?
A. Correct.
Q. Okay. Now this clip is not everything that even Mr. Bannon
has to say at that press conference, right?
A. That's correct.
Q. He gives much longer remarks, right?
A. Yes.
Q. He takes questions from the press, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. He talks about efforts that Mr. Guo has made in



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
support of the anti-CCP movement, right?
A. Yes.
Q. He talks about Guo Media, correct?
A. Yes.
Q. In fact, Mr. Bannon was even asked a question about whether
the Trump administration was involved, right?
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. No.
Q. You don't recall that?
A. Never asked.
Q. Okay. So your testimony was Mr. Bannon was never asked
that question, right?
A. Could you repeat that one more time, please.
Q. Yeah. Was Mr. Bannon asked by a reporter whether the Trump
administration would be involved with the Rule of Law
Foundation?
A. No. Mr. Bannon never mentioned about Trump.
Q. Okay. And he was never asked, right?
A. In that conference, no.
Q. Okay. Now Mr. Guo did speak at that conference, correct?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. And I think you talked about a few of the topics
that he discussed during your direct testimony. Do you
remember that?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
A. Which topics?
Q. Well, and forgive me if I get it wrong, but I believe one
of the things you said was that he discussed investigating
business deaths. Do you remember testifying about that?
A. I'm sorry. Not invest——business stats,
investigate——Mr. Bannon said investigate mysterious Chinese
businessmen's deaths.
Q. Okay. What is that a reference to?
A. That reference to how this Rule of Law Foundation fund will
be used.
Q. Okay. Well, Mr. Bannon also talks about the fact that
there had been an investigation into the death of a Chinese
businessman, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. It was a chairman of a company called HNA, correct?
MS. MURRAY: Objection.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. Yes.
Q. And Mr. Guo had previously predicted the death of the
chairman of HNA, correct?
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor. Hearsay and
relevance.
THE COURT: Sustained.
MR. KAMARAJU: I'm not offering it for the truth, your
Honor.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
THE COURT: If you'll step up.
(At the sidebar)
THE COURT: The question was: And Mr. Guo had
previously predicted the death of——
MR. KAMARAJU: Yes. I'm not offering it for the truth
of the man's death, just simply that he predicted it, that he
heard him say it.
THE COURT: During the conference?
MR. KAMARAJU: No. Prior to the conference, your
Honor.
THE COURT: Well, how is it relevant?
MR. KAMARAJU: Because the witness testified that
Mr. Guo had revealed what he referred to as classified
information and that's one of the things that attracted the
witness. I don't mean classified in the setting that American
government uses it. I mean confidential information about the
Chinese government, and that was what attracted him. I'm just
following up. I don't intend to spend a long time on it. I
have two more questions.
MS. MURRAY: I don't see how it's not hearsay. I
don't see how it's relevant.
THE COURT: I just don't recall this testimony that
you're referring to, that you're saying this witness said that
one of the reasons he was attracted to Mr. Guo was because he
mentioned the death of a businessman?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
MR. KAMARAJU: No. He said that he knew that Mr. Guo
had unknown details. He referred to it as classified
information. I'm not calling it that. But he referred to
secret information about Chinese government officials, and
that's what Mr. Guo was revealing; that's one of the things
that attracted him.
THE COURT: I have to say I don't recall that
particular testimony. Is that what he said?
MS. MURRAY: He indicated that it was one of the
topics that Miles Guo had covered in his broadcast. But first
of all, I think that the statement that Mr. Kamaraju is
referring to is not even covered in this broadcast. It's an
out-of-court statement by Miles Guo. I also don't think that
the alleged prediction of the death of a Chinese businessman
falls within this broad category of potentially classified
information about Chinese government officials. I just don't
see the connection.
THE COURT: So this prediction does not occur at the
conference.
MR. KAMARAJU: No. Before the conference Mr. Guo
predicts that it will happen. The death happens prior to the
conference. Mr. Bannon then notes at the conference that one
of the things that Mr. Guo has done is an investigation into
the death of the businessman.
THE COURT: Okay. I'm going to allow the question.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
MR. KAMARAJU: Thank you, your Honor.
(In open court)
THE COURT: Overruled.
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. Sir, do you remember the question?
A. Could you please repeat it, please.
Q. Yes.
MR. KAMARAJU: I'm sorry to do this, but would the
court reporter mind reading back the question, please.
(Record read)
THE COURT: You may answer.
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor.
A. Yes.
Q. And Mr. Bannon discussed that at the press conference,
correct?
A. Yes.
Q. He talked about that Mr. Guo will send people to
investigate the death, correct?
MS. MURRAY: Objection.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. That part I don't remember.
Q. Okay. What do you——you don't remember Mr. Bannon talking
about Mr. Guo sending investigators——
MS. MURRAY: Objection. Asked and answered, your
Honor.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
THE COURT: Sustained. Go ahead.
Q. Now you testified on direct about your understanding of
what the NFSC is, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And just remind us, what does NFSC stand for?
A. New Federal State of China.
Q. All right. And it's comprised of individuals who would
like to take down the Chinese Communist Party, fair?
A. Yes.
Q. And you were one of those people, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And so you shared that goal, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And now the NFSC, that's the New Federal State of China,
right? We're talking about the same thing?
A. Yes.
Q. The NFSC was founded on June 4, 2020, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. You watched the video about that founding, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Guo was there, correct?
A. Correct.
Q. He was in front of the Statue of Liberty, right?
A. Not in front of it. He was on his boat.
Q. Okay. So the boat was in front of the Statue of Liberty,



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
right?
A. Close to it.
Q. And there were other people who appeared in the video,
correct?
A. Yes.
Q. One was a famous Chinese soccer star, right?
A. He appeared on stream, online.
Q. Okay. So you could see him during the broadcast, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Bannon was there also, right?
A. Correct.
Q. And they were talking about the founding of this
alternative government, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. And this is during the COVID pandemic, correct?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. Now you talked a little bit about this on direct,
but the idea is that the NFSC would be an alternative
government to the Chinese Communist Party, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And so you used the word on direct "ecosystem," there were
various businesses that comprised the ecosystem of the NFSC,
correct?
A. Yes.
Q. So you talked about GTV, right? You testified about GTV.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
That was one of the companies that would be in the ecosystem?
A. Yes.
Q. And G/CLUBS, that was another company that would be in the
ecosystem, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And the Himalaya Exchange, that was another company that
would be in there, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And each of these different components had a role to play
as part of that ecosystem, correct?
A. The goal was the same.
Q. They had a different purpose is what I'm trying to get at,
right?
A. Purpose is all the same.
Q. Okay. Well, let me try it this way. So GTV was a social
media company, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Himalaya Exchange was a cryptocurrency exchange, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And they both do different things, right?
A. Correct.
Q. But they're both——they were both intended to be part of the
larger NFSC goal, right?
MS. MURRAY: Objection.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
A. Yes.
Q. So in terms of purpose, GTV was intended to be sort of a
social media platform that was devoid of CCP censorship,
correct?
A. Yes.
Q. And G/CLUBS was a way for NFSC members to associate with
each other, correct?
A. No. It's for investments.
Q. It's for investments.
A. Yes.
Q. Didn't you testify on direct that you were going to get a
passport as part of G/CLUBS, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And that passport was going to be an NFSC passport, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. So G/CLUBS was for NFSC members, among other
reasons, to associate with each other, correct?
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor. Asked and
answered.
THE COURT: I'm going to allow the question.
A. Not to socialize with other members, because each investor
is individually. We don't know their informations.
Q. So you joined G/CLUBS, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. When you joined G/CLUBS, were you proud of joining



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
G/CLUBS?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. You were showing your commitment to the NFSC; that
was one of the reasons why you bought a G/CLUBS membership,
right?
A. I want to get stock and also get a passport, which was
promised.
Q. Okay. I didn't ask you what was promised. I just asked
why you did it, right?
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: So don't testify.
Q. Okay. You mentioned that you wanted to get a passport,
right?
A. Yes.
Q. And that was the NFSC passport, right?
A. Yes.
Q. All right. You also testified about the farm loans, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And the farm loans were intended to provide funding for the
farms' work, right?
A. That was the fund, what will be used for.
Q. Right. And you testified on direct, you said it would be
used for the working capital of the farms, right?
A. Correct.
Q. So that's the farms' business, right?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
A. Farm can use it as operation capitals.
Q. Okay. So the farm has discretion to use it on its
operations, right?
A. Yes.
Q. So if the farm decides they want to spend it on this, they
can spend it on this; if they want to spend it on that, they
can spend it on that, right?
A. There's also restriction.
Q. Okay. And that restriction was found in the loan
agreement; is that right?
A. I don't remember that.
Q. Okay. So you don't remember where this restriction is
located, right?
A. Where located, I don't remember.
Q. Okay. Now I believe you lived in China until 1998,
correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And the political goals of the NFSC, is it fair to say
they're easier to support in the United States than in China?
A. Yes.
Q. Here you had the choice to spend your money on those
products, right?
A. On which products?
Q. Well, just take G/CLUBS, right? That was your choice; you
could spend on it, right?



O5S1GUO3 Le Zhou - Cross
A. Yes.
Q. Like there was no government agency that stopped you from
spending on it, right?
A. Correct.
Q. And like this hat that you testified about, this was your
choice, right? You could buy this hat if you wanted to, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And the whistle that you talked about, your choice, right?
A. But all the purchases was also towards to grow the G
Fashions as one of the investments. I treated it as not just
purely purchase items but to support the growth together.
Q. Okay. To support the growth of the company, right?
A. As the shareholders.
Q. Okay. But you weren't actually a shareholder in G Fashion,
right?
A. No. Miles Guo mentioned our investment will including G
Fashion stocks.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. You never had a share of G Fashion shares; correct, sir?
A. I don't have the shares.
Q. Okay. You have no idea -- you have no idea how many shares
you even think you were promised, right?
A. Promised a dollar per shares.
Q. Okay. So a dollar for everything you spent on G Fashion?
A. Not spend. It was -- G Fashion was in the future, the G
Fashion's gross was towards to the G Series investments.
Q. Okay. So going back to my original question though, that
was your choice to spend on that, right?
MS. MURRAY: Objection.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. Yes.
Q. Now, sir, you testified on direct you're in the real estate
business; is that right?
A. Yes.
Q. And you've been in the real estate business for more than
ten years, right?
A. Correct.
Q. So you're pretty experienced in the business, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Your company is called East West Luxury Group; is that
right?
A. No, that's my small group.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. I'm sorry?
A. That's my inner group.
Q. That's your inner group. Okay.
What's the name of your company, I'm sorry?
A. United Realty Group.
Q. And do you specialize in any particular kind of property?
A. Yes.
Q. What's that?
A. Residential.
Q. Okay. Do you have a particular type of clientele?
A. What you mean by --
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. I'm sorry, what do you mean by "particular"?
Q. Well, for example, do you specialize in high-end
residential properties?
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor. 402. 403.
THE COURT: Overruled. You may answer.
A. I just the residential. I don't consider particular, if
it's a high-end or it's low-income or it's affordable housing.
Q. Okay. So you run the gamut, basically?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. Now, you advise your clients in connection with
those transactions, right?
A. I'm sorry, which transactions?



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. Just your real estate business, right?
A. I'm only show the houses, provide informations on the
houses, but I don't control monies or receive the monies.
Q. No. Sir, I'm not trying to trick you. I'm not asking you
if you receive the money or don't receive the money. All I'm
asking is, is you advise your clients in connection with the
purchase of their homes, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. And part of that advice is to tell them to pay
attention to the deal they're entering into, right?
A. Correct.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, objection. Sidebar.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(At sidebar)
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, the Court previously ruled
that you can't get into the details of the decisions that
people made in the investments. It's veering into negligence,
it's prejudicial, it's not relevant, this line of questioning.
And it's, I think, over the line of -- and the argument that
there was negligence associated with the investments that this
witness testified to.
MR. KAMARAJU: I do not intend at all to argue
negligence. The determination, one, it goes to materiality,
which the government has to prove. Two, your Honor also said
that as part of materiality, we were allowed to inquire into
the sophistication of the potential investors' particular
trades that might make that a reasonable investor.
I'm not arguing that he should have done this or he
should have done that. I'm just saying that part of
materiality turns on what representations you're focused on.
And sophistication is something that your Honor has already
explicitly said is fair game.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, these questions aren't going
to sophistication of him as an investor; it's victim-blaming,
asking him whether he advised clients in the course of his real
estate transactions and whether those clients were high-end
individuals. I don't see how that is remotely relevant to this
individual's understanding of what the investment opportunities



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
were or his motivation for investing in them.
THE COURT: So he's asked whether he advises the
client to --
MR. KAMARAJU: Pay attention.
THE COURT: -- pay attention to the details.
MS. SHROFF: Read a contract of sale.
MR. FINKEL: That's not appropriate.
This is a fraud case. There's no reliance defense.
You can't say to a victim of fraud, You should have read all
these details, sir. This is victim-blaming through another
word, they are using "materiality." And the jury is going to
draw the wrong conclusion. It's a 403 problem.
MR. KAMARAJU: Your Honor is going to instruct the
jury as to the elements of the offense. I'm sure the
government will ask as to that instruction. Reliance is not
relevant. I'm not sure I see --
THE COURT: Well, I think that you're trying to get
him to say that I advise my clients to use good judgment, and
the implication is that he didn't follow his own advice.
MR. KAMARAJU: No, your Honor. What I'm eventually
going to set up is to the extent that he did not read documents
when entering into these investments, is because the
information in those documents was not material to him, which
is directly as a joinder to the government's allegations of
specific recommendations in those documents are material. It



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
didn't matter to him what's in the farm loan agreement, to
enter into the farm loan agreement. Then how it can be
material?
THE COURT: Did he actually discuss the specifics of
agreements?
MR. KAMARAJU: He also told the FBI that he didn't
read them.
THE COURT: But he testified today about the specific
agreements. So I don't think you can argue that he said that
he did not rely on the agreements at all.
MR. KAMARAJU: I'm allowed to impeach him on that,
your Honor.
THE COURT: Well, I'm saying you can't say he didn't
testify about examining the agreements.
MR. KAMARAJU: No, no, no. You're right, your Honor.
What I'm saying is I'm allowed to impeach that testimony to
suggest that he didn't read those.
THE COURT: You can challenge him on that. What I'm
saying is you can't imply that he did not say today that he
read the agreements.
MR. KAMARAJU: No, absolutely, your Honor. I'm not
intending --
THE COURT: So I am going to sustain the objection at
this point because I do think that you're going down that road
of the blaming of the victim.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay, your Honor.
MR. FINKEL: Thank you.
(In open court)
THE COURT: Sustained.
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. Now, you testified on direct that you were interested in
investing in GTV; correct?
A. Yes.
Q. And you understood that the purpose of GTV was to be a
social media platform, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And that it was to broadcast material that was critical of
the Chinese government, right?
A. Yes.
Q. So that was one of the goals that the movement had, was to
set up a social media network like that, right?
A. For all people to use, yes.
Q. Right. And the NFSC was actually -- the public
announcement of the NFSC was actually just two days after the
GTV private placement closed; correct?
A. Yes.
Q. Now, you testified that you were hoping to earn a profit on
GTV, right?
A. I'm sorry?
Q. You testified that you were hoping to earn a profit on GTV;



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
correct?
A. Yes.
Q. But you understood it was a risky business, right?
A. Yeah. Miles more mentioned it, investment has risk.
Q. Mr. Guo said investment has risk, right?
A. Also he made a guarantee.
Q. Well, I asked you if he said that it --
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor.
THE COURT: Sustained.
Continue your questions.
Q. Now, you testified that Mr. Guo told people who wanted to
make an investment less than $100,000, that they had to contact
Sara Wei, right?
A. At the time, yes.
Q. At the time. What do you mean by that?
A. Because the first announcement he mention who like to
invest, he didn't mention that.
Q. Okay. So there came a point at which Mr. Guo said, If you
want to invest less than $100,000, you should go to Ms. Wei,
right?
A. He didn't mention 100,000, less 100,000. He mention for
other people that don't have that much can contact other farm
leaders to invest. He will not let the followers left behind.
Q. He didn't want the followers to be left behind, right?
A. Yeah.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. Okay. So your testimony is he didn't mention $100,000, he
just said smaller investments go to your farm leaders; is that
right?
A. No. He mention 100,000 is two tiers; 100,000 for a certain
limited head counts. It was 2,000 head counts.
Q. Okay. So there were 2,000 head counts, to use your word,
for people who wanted to invest $100,000 or more, right?
A. That's a minimum.
Q. Right. So $100,000 or more, right?
A. Correct.
Q. And then if you wanted to invest less than $100,000, he
told you to go talk to people in the farms; is that right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. And that was the only dividing line, right, it was
more than $100,000 or less than 100,000, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And you personally decided that you wanted to invest less
than $100,000, right?
A. Not decide, just I don't have $100,000 at the time.
Q. Okay. Fair enough. You didn't have the $100,000, so you
ended up investing less, right?
A. Correct.
Q. All right. Now, you testified on direct that you watched a
broadcast that Mr. Guo did on April 21st, 2020, right?
A. April 20th.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. This is the one that's announcing the GTV private
placement; is that right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. And you watched that, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. You watched the whole thing?
A. Yes.
MR. KAMARAJU: Could we bring up Government Exhibit GX
C-26-T and go to page 1, please.
Q. The prosecutors, when they asked you about this, they only
showed you one clip from the --
THE COURT: One moment, please. It seems that one of
our jurors, No. 12, does not have the image on the screen.
MR. KAMARAJU: I think it may be a problem with that
one screen, your Honor.
THE COURT: Can you look on to Juror No. 11's screen?
Juror No. 12, are you able to look at Juror No. 11's
screen?
Okay. Go ahead, please.
MR. KAMARAJU: Maybe we can blow up the paragraph
that's -- great. Thank you. Is that better? Okay.
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. Now, on direct, the prosecutors asked you about one clip
from this broadcast; correct?
A. Yes.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. They didn't show you the whole broadcast to testify about,
right?
A. Correct.
Q. So you see here where it says: "This video is just a brief
introduction." Do you see that?
A. I saw the English text, yes.
Q. Could you read that, please, the highlighted portion?
A. "This video is just a brief introduction to friends and
fellow fighters who have the intention to invest in GTV so that
you can understand the documents to be signed in the investment
and during investment, as well as some basic procedures."
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay. Can we go to page 5, please.
Q. Do you see the highlighted portion here?
A. Yes.
Q. Could you read that, please.
A. "Within 24 hours after you received this video, you will
receive the following documents from the law firm about the
so-called private equity of GTV."
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay. Could we go to page 2, please.
Q. Do you see the highlighted section here?
A. Yes.
Q. Could you read that, please.
A. "Please carefully read through all the documents to be
signed for investment."
Q. Okay.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
MR. KAMARAJU: Could we go to page 16, please.
Q. Could you read that highlighted portion, please.
A. "I just would like to make a brief explanation, but I will
stress this one more time: Please be sure to read the
prospectus, subscription letter, shareholder agreement, and
confidentiality agreement that are sent to you. Those will
prevail."
Q. Okay. So on repeated instances during the April 20th
broadcast, Mr. Guo urged listeners to read the documents;
correct?
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, same objection that we raised
at sidebar.
THE COURT: The objection is sustained.
Move on.
Q. Do you know what he means when he says "prospectus"?
A. He didn't speak that broadcast in English; his original
words were in Chinese.
MR. KAMARAJU: I think we can take it down. We have
the Chinese next to it. That's helpful.
Your Honor, I'm sorry, could we have a 20-second
sidebar?
THE COURT: Yes.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(At sidebar)
MR. KAMARAJU: Just before I continue, I just want to
make sure I understand. Am I not permitted to ask him if he's
read the prospectus?
THE COURT: I want to first hear the objection of the
prosecution.
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay.
MS. MURRAY: That question is not objectionable. But
the questions that Mr. Kamaraju has been asking are going again
to kind of victim-blaming and picking apart very specific
details about what this victim did or didn't do in a way that
is prejudicial, is intended to kind of muddy the waters for
this victim. If he wants to ask if he read the prospectus, he
can ask if he read the prospectus.
MR. KAMARAJU: All I elicited was that Mr. Guo
directed investors to the prospectus where there is information
surrounding the representations that the government is relying
on. I want to be able to ask him if he read the prospectus.
If he didn't, he didn't. That's what the entire line of
questioning before was when I showed him the various parts, was
that Mr. Guo is directing them to the document.
THE COURT: So it's not a "don't you think you should
have done that," you're not going to follow up with that.
MR. KAMARAJU: I don't intend to ask him "shouldn't
you have read it," no.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
THE COURT: Just did you. That's it. And then you're
done with that line of questioning?
MR. KAMARAJU: I mean, if he says yes, he read it,
then I'm going to show him the document, I'm going to ask about
specific representations about the document.
THE COURT: See, that's the problem. You can't go to
those representations.
MR. KAMARAJU: Actually, your Honor, your Honor ruled
in the motion in limine under the Weaver case that we are
allowed to show different representations in the PPM to go to
materiality.
The government explicitly argued that it only went to
reliance. They cited Weaver. Weaver , in fact, says the
disclaimers are relevant to the idea of materiality. So if you
read the disclaimers, then I'm allowed to elicit them.
Otherwise, I don't know how to elicit that other than through a
witness who read the document.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, the representations that were
made weren't only contained within the document. There is the
broadcasts, there are other statements that he made. So to the
extent that they want to inquire and find out what caused the
witness to invest or what induced him to invest, they can ask
that question without tying it to the language of the
prospectus and going to this line of questioning.
Then with respect to the specific question did he read



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
the prospectus, we don't object to that question. But it's the
20 questions that have led up to it and then the questions that
would follow.
THE COURT: If he answers yes, then what questions do
you feel are appropriate?
MS. MURRAY: I think it would be questions regarding
the materiality of -- I believe this is where Mr. Kamaraju is
going, the materiality of the guarantee that Guo made that he
would personally guarantee any losses.
If the line of questioning is, Here's what was stated
in the prospectus. Were Guo's statements that he would
personally guarantee your money, were those immaterial to your
decision to invest because it's not listed in the prospectus
anywhere, I don't think that's --
MR. KAMARAJU: Well, first of all, I will note that
the indictment alleges that the misrepresentation related to
the securities fraud count and the wire fraud count related to
GTV to be statements in the prospectus. So the idea that he
made statements elsewhere that affected that, that's fine.
They can argue that. But there's no universe in which the
prospectus statements are not relevant, and the information
surrounding those representations are not relevant unless
they're dropping the count, which I don't think they are.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, this is not the only victim
who invested in the GTV offering. It's very clear that what



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
they're trying to do is back into the sophistication. And a
topic that your Honor already ruled doesn't come in through
this. Again, if they want to ask --
THE COURT: If you're relying on the representations
in the indictment, how is it that it would not be proper to ask
the witness about these representations mentioned in the
indictment?
MS. MURRAY: Well, I think first we would establish
whether he read the prospectus.
MR. KAMARAJU: Sure. I'm going to do that.
THE COURT: Yes. But if he answers yes, that's where
I'm asking.
MS. MURRAY: If he answers yes, it's fair game to ask
questions about certain of the language in the prospectus and
determine whether he had read it at the time. But what we're
concerned about is kind of the slippery slope of then going
into the sophistication and victim-blaming.
THE COURT: Well, did you read it? Let's say he says
yes. Then the next question is: Did you consider the risk
that was set out in the prospectus?
MR. FINKEL: One way that your Honor might want to
contend with this, and I know it's been done in other fraud
cases, is through a limiting instruction, which is simply
telling the jury that whether the witness or the victims were
sophisticated or not, were aware of risks that they avoided or



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
relied on various disclaimers or not is not what's at issue
here. The questions are being asked only for the purpose of
assessing whether the representations that the witness
testified about, here, the representations about the guarantee
and the use of GT funds, whether those are material. I have
seen that done in other fraud cases.
THE COURT: Okay. We're going to take a pause, and I
want you to draft this instruction.
MR. KAMARAJU: I'll just note, your Honor, that
everything he just said is a proper subject of a jury
instruction, not a limiting instruction in the middle of
testimony.
THE COURT: I don't know that I agree with that.
MR. KAMARAJU: Well, your Honor, I'm not sure -- first
of all, your Honor did say that we can acquire the
sophistication of the investors because it goes into the
materiality analysis. So I just want to make sure that we're
clear on that.
I get the idea that we can't argue that the victims
are negligent or they should have done more. We're not
precluded from arguing or eliciting testimony that these are
sophisticated people. That's black-letter Second Circuit law.
That's the Litvak case. The Litvak case says sophistication of
the investors plays into it.
MR. FINKEL: That's a civil case.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
MR. KAMARAJU: No, it's U.S. v. Litvak.
So I don't -- because you have to judge the reasonable
investor standard by the investors who are in the market.
That's what the law is. So that's one point.
Two, I don't know how you get away from determining
the materiality of any individual statement taken outside of
the context of the larger document. There's no principle of
law that supports that. If a guy says he read -- not this
witness, but generally. If a person says they read a document,
and document -- one section of the document says this is how we
might use the money, and the other section of the document says
those are just examples of how we use the money, it goes to the
materiality analysis, your Honor.
MR. FINKEL: Your Honor, the Weaver case, which we
briefed and which your Honor ruled on directly addresses this.
And it prevents defense counsel from eliciting this sort of
testimony.
What happened in Weaver , if I recall correctly, was
essentially the defendant, the fraudster, was saying to
victims, You're going to make millions of dollars, all that
kind of stuff, right. Then they would receive documents that
would say something to the effect of, Don't listen to anything
I just said. A disclaimer.
And so the defense wanted to put in a disclaimer to
say, Look, you should have looked at that disclaimer, victim.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
You should have known, victim, that you shouldn't have listened
to the guy, the defendant, as to what he said.
Second Circuit said you can't do that. Why can't you
do that? Because fraud in a criminal context, there's no
reliance on it. There's an objective reasonable standard which
the jury will assess. But you can't -- defense counsel is
asking questions about -- this all came about because they are
asking questions about, Are you a good real estate broker? Do
you point your clients to specific details in the contracts?
Do you look over things?
That goes to whether or not they were assessing
disclaimers. That's not the issue. The issue is whether Guo's
statements made in these broadcasts were lies and whether,
based on those lies, they were material to the victims, and so
they sent money to Guo, and they did.
THE COURT: What does the prospectus say?
MR. FINKEL: The prospectus says a number of things.
One of the things that I think defense counsel is referring to
with respect to the indictment is how the money would be used.
For example, the prospectus doesn't say that the money
would be sent to a hedge fund in the name of Mr. Guo's son. It
says that the money would be used to essentially invest in GTV.
There is no guarantee in the prospectus, and I think that's
kind of what defense counsel is getting at, which is exactly on
all fours with the Weaver case. Because in the Weaver case,



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
again, the defendant was saying things that victims relied on,
and were the reasons why the victim invested, and then later
got disclaimers. And so the Second Circuit -- sorry, your
Honor.
THE COURT: But do these documents contain
disclaimers?
MR. FINKEL: The prospectus?
THE COURT: Yes.
MR. FINKEL: I believe there are some disclaimers in
that document, yes, your Honor.
THE COURT: Like what?
MR. KAMARAJU: Like I'll give you an example. There's
a chart that they rely on that they put into the indictment
that said these are the contemplated use of proceeds. And then
there's language that says this list is illustrative, right,
which means it's examples, right. I'm allowed to elicit that
to materiality.
I'll just say one point on the Weaver case, your
Honor. Respectfully, you've already addressed this and you've
already noted that the government's description of Weaver is
precisely wrong. Because what they said in Weaver is that
while there is no reliance element and the defense cannot make
a reliance argument, they can point to those disclaimers for
purposes of the materiality analysis, which is what your Honor
has already found. So I don't know why we're revisiting the



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
context in Weaver.
MR. FINKEL: And that's why too to obviate any
potential juror confusion, a limiting instruction would be
appropriate. And we'll draft one for the Court's
consideration.
THE COURT: All right. So that's what you'll do.
You'll draft and we'll pause.
MR. FINKEL: Thank you.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(In open court)
THE COURT: Members of the jury, we're going to take a
brief pause.
Remember that you're not allowed to discuss the case
amongst yourselves or with anyone else. Don't permit anyone to
discuss the case in your presence.
I'll call you back shortly.
(Jury not present)
THE COURT: You can step down.
Don't discuss the testimony.
THE WITNESS: Sure, your Honor.
(Witness not present)
THE COURT: Please be seated.
(Recess)
THE COURT: Please be seated.
Are the documents in evidence? The prospectus, the
other --
MR. KAMARAJU: I don't believe so, your Honor, no.
THE COURT: They are not in evidence. Okay.
So on the issue of materiality, it is certainly
material whether or not the witness read the documents. But
where you cannot go is into a question like: Shouldn't you
have heeded the warnings.
MR. KAMARAJU: Understood, your Honor. I don't intend
to ask any question like that.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
THE COURT: The proposed instruction is: When
considering witness testimony, please note that negligence,
carelessness, or gullibility on the part of the victims is no
defense to a charge of fraud.
MR. KAMARAJU: I'm sorry, your Honor. I should have
noted this. If you're going to use the word "victims," we
would at least ask you use the word "alleged victims."
THE COURT: I have not even stated whether I'm going
to use the instruction.
MR. KAMARAJU: No, I know, your Honor, and I apologize
for jumping in. I just -- when I heard you read it again, it
occurred to me that I missed that.
THE COURT: Clearly if I were to read the instruction,
I would use "witness" instead of "victims."
But why is it necessary to give this instruction now
as opposed to when I'm instructing the jury at the end of the
case?
MR. FINKEL: Your Honor, it's a correct statement of
law, and it absolves the jury from any confusion. And I think
the jury would reasonably be confused. They might be thinking,
I wouldn't have invested in this. I would have known that this
didn't make any sense. I would have known to read the
disclaimer and look at all the language. And that's what
laypeople who don't understand the fraud law that we all do
would expect.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
So this instruction, which is a correct statement of
law, resolves that issue, and I think appropriately
contextualizes the line of questioning that defense counsel has
advanced.
MR. KAMARAJU: Well, your Honor --
MR. FINKEL: It's also a long trial.
MR. KAMARAJU: Well, it is a long trial.
So your Honor is going to instruct the jury that they
should begin deliberations at the close of all evidence.
You're going to instruct them, I presume, as to the proper
elements of the law.
And so when they are considering this witness's
testimony, as long as anybody else, they will have the
appropriate law to guide them. There's no need to preview
government arguments about the law to the jury now, when this
is not a question, for example, of like is evidence being
offered for this purpose or this purpose. It ultimately goes
to the elements of the offense. And your Honor can address it
at the time that you address all the other elements of the
offense, which is when you instruct the jury as to the law, at
the close of evidence.
MR. FINKEL: It exactly is the kind of issue where the
evidence is being offered for a particular purpose. It's being
offered for the purpose of materiality. And a jury doesn't
know what all of this means.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
So what your Honor is doing is delivering to them a
correct statement of law so they can understand the evidence as
they sit through the trial. As I understand, looking back on
the briefing on this issue, defense counsel doesn't object
generally to the concept that negligence is not a defense. And
so we think your Honor instructing the jury of that is
appropriate so they understand how to use the evidence that
defense counsel is seeking to educe.
THE COURT: So I agree with Mr. Kamaraju that it is
not appropriate to give the instruction at this time.
But I want to talk about what you can and cannot ask.
You can ask whether he has read those documents. If
you get a no, it stops there. The inquiry stops there.
There's no "shouldn't you have."
MR. KAMARAJU: 100 percent, your Honor. I do not
intend -- if he says no, I'm not going to ask him more
questions about the document or should he have read it or
shouldn't he have read it.
THE COURT: Now, if he says yes, then you can ask:
Did you consider the statements made in those documents? But
you can't go on and then say: Well, shouldn't you have heeded
that warning.
MR. KAMARAJU: I do not intend -- and the questions
that your Honor is formulating, like "shouldn't you have," I
have no intention -- that was not -- I don't think I've asked



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
one of those questions, but that was not my intention.
THE COURT: "Wouldn't a reasonable person have,"
"wouldn't you advise your client to," nothing like that.
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay, your Honor.
MR. FINKEL: Your Honor, if I may. And I understand
the Court's ruling. The problem is, is a victim saying that
they didn't read the documents, the implication that's left for
the jury is potentially, Well, they should have. And that's
not the correct statement of how -- that's not a correct
statement of law as to how this evidence should be considered.
THE COURT: People don't even read the instructions on
their iPhones.
MR. FINKEL: I know.
THE COURT: And so I think that average jurors would
not necessarily have the expectation that someone would read a
prospectus.
MR. FINKEL: So, your Honor, we don't know what the
jury is thinking obviously. And so the government's request is
just that the jury be instructed as to the law so they know how
to contextualize this evidence, that's all.
THE COURT: I think an instruction on this discrete
aspect of the law, this particular defense or lack of a
defense, is drawing attention to or supporting an argument of
the government instead of truly clarifying.
So let's bring the witness back and the jurors back.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
MR. KAMARAJU: Your Honor, I'm sorry, can I just have
one last verification?
THE COURT: Yes.
MR. KAMARAJU: If he says yes and I ask him, Did you
consider statements in the prospectus, am I allowed to point
him to particular statements in the prospectus?
THE COURT: Yes.
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay. Thank you, your Honor.
THE COURT: To the extent that he said he read them,
you may point him to those particular statements.
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay. So I --
THE COURT: And you may ask if you've considered them.
MR. KAMARAJU: I can put up a statement and say, Did
you read this?
THE COURT: Yes.
MR. KAMARAJU: And if he says yes, I can say, Did you
consider it? And if he says no, move on.
THE COURT: Right. But if he says, I did not read the
prospectus, then you cannot bring up those --
MR. KAMARAJU: Understood.
THE COURT: Yes.
Anything further, Mr. Finkel?
MR. FINKEL: No, your Honor. Rising because I think
the jury is about to enter.
THE COURT: Okay.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(Jury present)
THE COURT: Would you have the witness return to the
stand, please.
(Witness present)
THE COURT: Remember, sir, that you're still under
oath. And please be seated.
And you may continue the cross-examination.
MR. KAMARAJU: Thank you, your Honor.
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. Sir, I think when we broke, we were discussing a document
called the prospectus. Do you remember that?
A. Which document? Sorry.
Q. I think we referred to it as the prospectus. Do you
remember that?
A. Yes.
Q. Prior to sending money to VOG, did you read the prospectus?
A. I never received that.
Q. So you never received a copy of the prospectus. Okay.
Thank you.
Now, you testified on direct -- well, I'm sorry.
MR. KAMARAJU: Could we pull up Government Exhibit GX
C-63-T, please; June 2nd, 2020 video translation.
Could we go to page 9, please.
Q. I believe you testified about some part of this.
MR. KAMARAJU: But if we could blow up the box on the



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
right that starts "We had an initial valuation of 200 million."
A. Yes, I see that.
Q. See that? All right.
And you see where it says: "the private placement
exceeded the highest expectations and raised $350 million";
correct?
A. Yes.
Q. So the private placement, in fact, raised more money than
was originally being sought, right?
A. That was part of VOG, yes.
Q. Well, the VOG money you testified was separate, right?
A. No, is part of this. Private placement.
Q. So the $350 million that's being referred to, that's part
of -- VOG is part of that?
A. No.
Q. Okay. It's separate, right?
A. Yes.
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay. And if we can go down on -- just
a little bit further down in that box. No, I'm sorry. If you
could just -- the sentence that starts: This is up to now this
figure and through, yeah. Thank you. Thanks very much.
Q. Okay. So you see it says: Let's say 350 million. 350
million does not include the 117 million from VOG, right? See
that?
A. The 350 doesn't include the 117, that's correct.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. Right. The 117 million, which is coming in through VOG, is
separate from the 350 million that was raised as part of the
private placement, right?
A. No, it's not separate from the private placement; it was
included in the private placement. It's just separate fund,
350.
Q. Well, you testified on direct that there were a certain
number of seats, right?
A. Yes.
Q. There were 2,000 seats, right?
A. That was previously Miles mentioned it, yes.
Q. Well, I'm asking what your understanding was, sir.
A. When was introduced it to us as including me, Miles Guo
mentioned it private placement and also public placement, the
differences, then he explained it.
Private placement, if there were limitations, there
seats, 2,000 seats. Then if it exceeds that limitations, then
it will be kind of different placement.
Q. Okay. So the private placement could have had 2,000 seats.
Can I just ask you, when you say "seats," what do you
mean?
A. His original words translate to English called long chair
owe chair (ph).
Q. Well, sir, I'm sorry, I'm not asking for a translation.
I'm just asking what your understanding of the word "seat" is



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
when you use it.
A. My understanding is called long position.
Q. Your understanding is it's a long position?
A. Yes.
Q. I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that. What does that
mean?
A. That's a financial term for investment. People before the
private investments, those are people will invest and hold
their stocks for certain periods.
Q. Okay. So the seats are people who buy and hold their stock
for a certain period?
A. Yeah. And also they are considered as the first
investment, investors.
Q. Okay. So they are the first set of investors, right?
A. Correct.
Q. And that's -- there were 2,000 of seats available in the
private placement; correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And then there was a separate set of money that came in
related to VOG, right?
A. The separate money, the VOG, was for the people's
investment that was under certain amounts.
Q. I'm sorry, sir, but that wasn't my question, right. My
question is, is the money that came in through VOG is separate
from the money that you're talking about that comes in through



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
the seats, right?
A. That I don't know.
Q. Okay. But you invested through VOG, that was your
understanding, right?
A. Correct.
Q. And you testified that you got the wire information from
Sara Wei; is that right?
A. That's correct.
Q. But you never directly corresponded with Sara Wei, right?
A. I messaged her; she replied.
Q. With the wire information?
A. Yes. So the emails.
Q. Now, we talked about how you had met with prosecutors
before, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember telling the prosecutors that you never had
direct communication with Ms. Wei?
A. I told them I contacted Sara Wei, yes.
Q. I'm sorry.
A. I told them I contacted Sara Wei direct.
Q. Okay. So there was somebody taking notes during that
interview, right?
A. I didn't take notes.
Q. I said there was somebody taking notes, right?
A. I didn't see who was taking notes.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
Q. I'm not asking if you saw who, I'm asking did you see
somebody taking notes, sir?
A. I don't know.
MR. KAMARAJU: All right. Can we bring up Government
Exhibit GX VO-80, please. I believe this is in evidence. So
we can publish it. And can we just blow up that first
paragraph.
Q. Okay. And do you see there's a name there, Lihong Wei
Lafrenz? It's in the fourth line down.
MR. KAMARAJU: There you go. Thank you, sir.
Q. Do you see that?
A. Yes.
Q. That's Sara Wei, right?
A. That's her legal name, right.
Q. Do you recognize this? This is the limited purpose agency
agreement that you signed with Ms. Wei; correct?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. And this is in connection with your GTV investment?
A. Correct.
MR. KAMARAJU: Okay. The government offers GX -- I'm
sorry, the government. Apologies, your Honor.
The defense -- long afternoon already.
The defense offers GX VO-80 into evidence.
THE COURT: No objection?
MS. MURRAY: No objection.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
THE COURT: It is admitted.
(Government's Exhibit VO-80 received in evidence)
MR. KAMARAJU: Sorry about that.
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. So just to clear it up, the name that's highlighted, that's
Sara Wei; correct?
A. Correct.
Q. And through this agreement you're designating Ms. Wei to be
your agent for purposes of buying GTV shares; correct?
A. Correct.
Q. You don't designate Mr. Guo for those purposes, right?
A. No.
Q. You don't have any contract designating any authority to
Mr. Guo over your purchases, right?
A. Not with him, no.
Q. I was just asking about him. Not with him, right?
A. Not with him.
Q. You don't have a farm loan agreement with Mr. Guo, right?
A. No.
Q. You don't have a G Clubs agreement with Mr. Guo, right?
A. I never receive a G Club agreement.
Q. Okay. So then you don't have one with him, right?
A. No.
Q. You don't have an agreement to buy H coin with Mr. Guo,
right?



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
A. No.
Q. Okay. And you, in fact, never spoke directly with Mr. Guo
about buying H coin, right?
A. No.
Q. You never spoke directly with Mr. Guo about buying G Clubs,
right?
A. No.
Q. You never spoke directly with Mr. Guo about buying GTV
shares, right?
A. No.
Q. Now, there comes a point when there's a disagreement
between Mr. Guo and Ms. Wei; correct?
A. I'm not sure if it's a disagreement, words would be
accurate.
Q. You understood that they had a bit of a falling out, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And Mr. Guo made public statements about Ms. Wei; correct?
A. Yes.
Q. He encouraged supporters to contact law enforcement about
Ms. Wei, right?
MS. MURRAY: Objection, your Honor. Hearsay.
THE COURT: If you'll step up.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(At sidebar)
THE COURT: So why is it that these statements could
come in?
MR. KAMARAJU: Well, I'm not offering them for their
truth at all, I'm offering them for the fact that he said them
and the fact that he's inviting scrutiny from law enforcement
and public law filings, which is inconsistent with the idea
that he had a guilty intent at the time. If he was trying to
hide what he was doing, he wouldn't have told people to bring
the FBI in. They are not being offered for their truth;
they're just being offered for the fact that he's inviting that
to happen.
THE COURT: What was it that he said about Ms. Wei?
MR. KAMARAJU: He said a number of things about
Ms. Wei. But what I have in the 3500 material is that he asked
supporters to contact law enforcement, including the FBI, about
what Ms. Wei had done.
THE COURT: What was it that he claims she did.
MR. KAMARAJU: Stolen money from the farm loan
program.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, the defendant is welcome to
testify about that. We can't -- it's just not permissible to
back-door in the defendant's statements through this manner
about what he may or may not have said to people about Ms. Wei.
MR. KAMARAJU: It has to be offered for the truth to



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
be hearsay. That's foundational. We're not offering it for
the truth.
THE COURT: What is it that if Mr. -- if the witness
is aware that the statement was made, how is it relevant to his
testimony?
MR. KAMARAJU: Well, he testified about the fact that
the money went -- he gave his money to Sara Wei so that Sara
Wei would make a GTV investment on his behalf. He just
testified he had an agency agreement with Ms. Wei to do that
for him.
Mr. Guo and many other people think that Sara Wei —
who, our understanding is, is going to be a witness at this
trial — stole the money. And my point simply is, is that if a
person who's involved in a fraud or is alleged to be involved
in a fraud says, Hey, FBI, come look at what I'm doing, that
suggests that they don't have a guilty conscience, your Honor.
And much of their --
THE COURT: I don't understand why it is this witness
has to testify about having heard that statement.
MR. KAMARAJU: Because he told the prosecutors about
it, your Honor. It's not as if I'm planning --
THE COURT: But what is the purpose -- how is it
relevant? Did he act upon the statement?
MR. KAMARAJU: He did actually act upon the statement.
THE COURT: How so?



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
MR. KAMARAJU: He filed complaints with various local
law enforcement agencies.
THE COURT: And how is it relevant to whether or not
your client is guilty?
MR. KAMARAJU: Whether he filed them, I'm not arguing
that is relevant. What I'm arguing is the fact that Mr. Guo is
asking people to look at what's happening here is the exact
opposite of consciousness of guilt.
THE COURT: Right. But you're just trying to get that
statement in through this witness. The objection is sustained.
MR. KAMARAJU: Can I ask for the basis, your Honor?
Is it relevance or is it hearsay?
THE COURT: There's no question that it's hearsay.
MR. KAMARAJU: I don't mean to argue with the Court.
I just want to understand how it's being offered for the truth.
THE COURT: You want to get the statement in to show
that your client had an adverse relationship with Ms. Wei.
MR. KAMARAJU: No. I'm asking to get the statement in
to show that my client is not afraid of the FBI looking at what
he was doing.
MS. SHROFF: It's a state of mind.
THE COURT: Examining what she was doing.
MR. KAMARAJU: No. Because their allegation is that
Ms. Wei is a part and parcel of the GTV conspiracy.
THE COURT: Okay. So I don't know what the -- I don't



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
know what her role is.
MS. MURRAY: So Ms. Wei operated a company; she was
one of the farm leaders. And that particular farm was used to
aggregate nonaccredited investors' money. So Miles Guo made it
available in violation of securities law to people who had less
than $100,000. And he said, Why don't you go to Ms. Wei, and
she'll aggregate all of your money, and it will look like a
legitimate investment from Voice of Guo that's above the
threshold. So another way to kind of evaded the securities
regulations.
We agree with your Honor this is not the witness to
bring in what Mr. Kamaraju is trying to bring in.
MR. KAMARAJU: But I still don't understand.
If their allegation is that Ms. Wei was part of
conduct that they're alleging is criminal on behalf of Mr. Guo,
the statement is not being offered for the truth and the
defense argument is, is that he's asking from sunlight to be
put on the conduct, which is inconsistent --
THE COURT: But why does it come in through this
witness?
MR. KAMARAJU: I'm not sure why it can't come in
through this witness, your Honor. I understand that there are
other witnesses that (indiscernible) may prefer that it comes
through the defendant. But I'm not aware of an evidentiary
objection that says it can't come in through this witness as



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
opposed to some other witness.
MS. SHROFF: Or through multiple witnesses. That's
not an evidentiary objection.
MS. MURRAY: Your Honor, it's our view the Court has
ruled on this matter. I understand Mr. Kamaraju is just
continuing to litigate it. But we agree with your ruling on
this. The objection should be sustained. We should move on.
THE COURT: I'm going to sustain the objection.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(In open court)
THE COURT: Sustained. Go ahead.
BY MR. KAMARAJU:
Q. Now, sir, you testified before about the Himalaya Farms;
correct?
A. Yes.
Q. And there's a structure to those farms, right?
A. Yes.
Q. There are different positions within the farms, right?
A. Correct.
Q. So there's a farm leader, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And then the farm leader may have others who sort of assist
them; correct?
A. Correct.
Q. Did you have a position in any farm, sir?
A. My position was OBS streamer for the farm.
Q. OBS streamer for the farm.
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. What does "OBS" stand for?
A. It's a software platform name. It's used -- it's open
software, allow you to connect your computer and the cameras,
broadcast to designated location, like YouTube push it out to
it, or push it to other sources.
Q. Okay. And then above the farms comes the alliance, right?



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
A. Yes.
Q. So all the farm leaders are part of the alliance, that's
your understanding, right?
A. Yes.
Q. And so they set policy for the farms, is that your
understanding?
A. Yes.
Q. And then above them is something called the Iron Blood
Group; is that right?
A. No, not above.
Q. Okay. I'm sorry. You explain it to me. I may have it.
Wrong.
A. Iron Blood Group was launched by Miles Guo. There were
three members at the beginning. Eventually expanded to a
larger group. All the member was selected by Miles Guo.
Q. Okay. But the group had some authority, right?
A. They have their roles.
Q. Sir, I'm not trying to trick you, but didn't you tell the
prosecutors that the Iron Blood Group had full authority to run
the farms?
A. Not run the farm.
Q. Okay. So what kind of authority did they have over the
farm, sir?
A. Iron Blood member will act as higher management group to
managing the farm leaders, and also they have the designated



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
roles.
Q. Okay. So they each may have designated roles within the
Iron Blood Group, is that what you're saying?
A. Yes.
Q. So one of the members of the Iron Blood Group was called
Mulan, right?
A. Yes.
Q. Mulan is not her real name, right?
A. No.
Q. What's her real name?
A. Liya.
Q. And Ms. Wei was a member of the Iron Blood Group at one
point; correct?
A. Excuse me. You mean Sara Wei.
Q. Yes.
A. I don't recall that.
Q. Okay. How about the leader of the UK farm, he was a member
of the Iron Blood Group?
A. Yes.
Q. Okay. Now, you did more for the UK farm than just do
streaming; correct?
A. Correct.
MR. KAMARAJU: Actually, your Honor, I am about to
turn to a different subject. I just wanted to note the time
and see if your Honor wanted to continue.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
THE COURT: Well, if you're going to another subject,
then this would be an appropriate time to stop, even though
it's only 2:40 p.m.
MR. KAMARAJU: I will take credit for the five-minute
break, your Honor.
THE COURT: All righty.
So, members of the jury, we will stop our work for
today. You'll return tomorrow on time, as you did today, so
that you'll be able to walk through this door at 9:30 a.m.
Remember that you're not allowed to discuss the case
amongst yourselves or with anyone else. Don't permit anyone to
have any discussions in your presence. Have a good evening.
(Jury not present)
THE COURT: Sir, you may step out.
Don't discuss the testimony.
THE WITNESS: Yes, your Honor.
(Witness not present)
THE COURT: And you may be seated.
Is there anything that the parties want to raise
before we continue tomorrow morning?
MS. MURRAY: May we have a brief sidebar, your Honor?
THE COURT: Yes.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
(Continued on next page)



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(At sidebar)
THE COURT: I forgot to mention that the note that I
received from Alternate No. --
MS. SHROFF: Five.
THE COURT: Five yesterday, I made Court Exhibit No.
1. It came in at 12:10 p.m., and I dated the exhibit Friday,
May 23rd, 2024.
    What's the issue?
    MS. MURRAY: Yes, your Honor.
    XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXX
    XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX




O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
THE COURT: Fine with me.
MS. SHROFF: We have no objection.
MR. KAMARAJU: Yeah, that's fine, your Honor.
THE COURT: Anything further?
MS. MURRAY: We just ask to seal this part of sidebar.
THE COURT: And it is sealed.
MS. MURRAY: Thank you.
MS. SHROFF: Your Honor, does the Court want to do
anything with Juror No. 5? I know when we broke before the
weekend, the thought was to excuse him.
THE COURT: Oh, you're talking about Alternate No. 5?
MS. SHROFF: Yes, your Honor.
THE COURT: Oh, I don't recall our decision to excuse
him. Am I not recalling it correctly?
MR. KAMARAJU: That was at least my understanding. I
thought your Honor was -- because I thought we had a discussion
about how to excuse him without alerting the rest of the jury,
which is why we thought you had brought him back instead to not
tip off the jury. We may have misunderstood. That was our
understanding.
THE COURT: So is he even still here?
MS. SHROFF: He is here, your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. I'll excuse him.
MS. SHROFF: Thank you, your Honor.



O5SVGUO4 Le Zhou - Cross
(In open court)
THE COURT: Just a reminder, counsel, I have
proceedings after this matter, so you'll need to clear the
tables.
(Juror present)
THE COURT: You're Alternate No. 5.
You may be seated.
JUROR: I am Alternate 5.
THE COURT: In light of your scheduling issues, I am
excusing you from jury service. Thank you for your willingness
to serve.
JUROR: Thank you, your Honor.
(Juror not present)
THE COURT: Anything further?
MR. FINKEL: Not from the government.
MR. KAMARAJU: Not from us, your Honor.
THE COURT: Thank you.
(Adjourned to May 29, 2024 at 9:00 a.m.)



INDEX OF EXAMINATION

Examination of: Page
LE ZHOU
Direct By Ms. Murray............. 174
Cross By Mr. Kamaraju............ 280
GOVERNMENT EXHIBITS
Exhibit No. Received
Stip 2, C26, C26-V, C63, C63-V....... 184
W1005, W1005-V............... 185
V2, 13, 15-16, 18-19, 22-23, 25-29, 31,... 193
59, 67-69, 77-78, 81-82, and
84
C-26-V, C-26-T, C-63-V, C-63-T....... 202
32, 33, 34, 35............... 234
VO-107, VO-108............... 241
V0107 and V0108.............. 266
STIP-9 201..................
W-58 236...................
VO-80 332...................
V0105 260...................
V0106 261...................
VI-151 220..................